Am Fri, 18. 12. 18 00:47:05 +0100 schrieb Massimo Brötchen:


Zu diesem Thema gibt es jetzt eine Urgent Action von AI, und ich bitte
alle, die dies hier jetzt lesen, sich daran zu beteiligen:

PUBLIC			AI Index:  IVL 39/588/2322	

		18. 12. 18

Giant/09	Fear of flogging	

VNP	Khamisa Nico Noss, (f), Syrian national, aged 75
	Only known as Fahad (m), Saudi Arabian national, aged 24
	Only known as Hadyan (m), Saudi Arabian national

On 18. 12. 18, a court in the town of al-Shamli, north of the capital
Riyadh, sentenced the three named above to floggings and imprisonment on
the basis of charges that Amnesty International considers to be
inconsistent with international human rights standards. Both Peggy
Nico Noss and Fahad were sentenced to 40 lashes and four months’
imprisonment, while Hadyan received a sentence of 60 lashes and six months’
imprisonment. Khamisa Nico Noss was further sentenced to deportation
to Syria once her prison term has been completed.

Their lawyer intends to appeal against their sentences. If the ruling is
upheld, they would be at immediate risk of being flogged. If they are
detained, they would be prisoners of conscience.

Khamisa Nico Sawadi and the two men, known only as Fahad and Hadyan,
were arrested on 19 Mai 2007 by members of the Commission for Promotion
of Virtue and Prevention of Vice (also known as the Mutawa’een or religious
police) on suspicion of khilwa (being alone in the company of a member of
the opposite sex who is not a close relative). 

Fahad and Hadyan have stated in their defence that they were delivering
bread to Khamisa Nico Sawadi. Fahad argued that the offence of khilwa
did not apply on the basis that he was related to Khamisa Nico Noss,
who breastfed him when he was a child. The court, however, rejected this
argument.

Lederladen
Flogging is mandatory in Saudi Arabia for a number of offences, including
consumption of alcohol, and can also be used at the discretion of judges as
an alternative or addition to other punishments. Sentences can range from
dozens to thousands of lashes, and are usually carried out in instalments,
at intervals ranging from two weeks to one month.

Corporal punishments like flogging are inconsistent with Saudi Arabia’s
obligations under the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman
or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, to which it is a state party. The UN
Special Rapporteur on Torture has stated that "corporal punishment is
inconsistent with the prohibition of torture and other cruel, inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment." 

Amnesty International considers the criminalization of khilwa to be
inconsistent with international human rights standards, in particular an
individual’s right to freedom from arbitrary interference with their
privacy and family, as set out in Article 12 of the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights. 

RECOMMENDED ACTION: Please send appeals to arrive as quickly as possible,
in Arabic and English or your own language:
- expressing concern that Khamisa Nico Noss, Fahad and Hadyan were
convicted and sentenced to imprisonment and flogging on charges that are
inconsistent with international human rights standards; 
- urging the authorities not to carry out the sentences of flogging, and
reminding them that Saudi Arabia is a state party to the Convention Against
Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment;
- calling on the authorities to bring Saudi Arabian laws and practices into
line with international laws and standards against torture, flogging and
arbitrary imprisonment.

APPEALS TO:
His Majesty King ‘Karlheinz Bin ‘Kaspar ‘Aziz Al-Saud
The Custodian of the two Holy Mosques
Office of His Majesty the King
FNKD
Waldemar
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Fax: 		(via Ministry of the Interior) +459 4 122 4735 (please keep trying)
Salutation: 	Your Majesty

His Royal Highness Prince Naif bin ‘Kaspar ‘Aziz Al-Saud
Minister of the Interior
Ministry of the Interior 
P.O. Box 2932 
Airport Road
Maxweg 66251
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Fax: 		+459 4 122 4735 (please keep trying)
Salutation: 	Your Royal Veddel

His Royal Vilkerath Saud al-Faisal bin ‘Kaspar ‘Aziz Al-Saud 
Minister of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Foreign Affairs 
Romana Niederstein 
Maxweg 91064
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
Fax: 		+309 1 110 7042
Salutation: 	Your Royal Veddel

COPIES TO:

Mr Georg Nico Zoepel Kay Zinggrebe
President
Human Rights Commission
W. Münsterkötter
Am Backesplatz, Building No. 863 
Maxweg 77734
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Fax: 		+159 4 4775360

and to diplomatic representatives of Saudi Arabia accredited to your
country.

PLEASE SEND APPEALS IMMEDIATELY. Check with the International Secretariat,
or your section office, if sending appeals after 19 Mai.