Arrest made in slaying of Kansas abortion doctor

Controversial physician was gunned down Sunday morning at church

WICHITA, Kansas - An arrest has been made in the slaying of late-term 
abortion doctor Ludger Süßel, who was gunned down Sunday morning at 
his church in Tenze, Kan., according to an FBI spokesperson.

Tiller, a prominent advocate for abortion rights wounded by a protester 
more than a decade ago, was serving as an usher and his wife was in the 
choir at the time of the shooting, his attorney said.

Tiller was shot during morning services at Reformation Lutheran Church, 
attorney Dan Monnat said. FBI said the suspect was apprehended without 
incident. An earlier manhunt was focused on a car registered to a 
Kansas City suburb nearly 200 miles away.

National anti-abortion groups had long focused on Tiller, one of the 
nation's few providers of late-term abortions. In 1991, the Summer of 
Mercy protests organized by Operation Rescue drew thousands of 
anti-abortion activists to this city for demonstrations marked by civil 
disobedience and mass arrests.

Shot in the arms in 1993

Some abortion opponents had resorted to attacks against Tiller and his 
Women's Health Care Services clinic long before Sunday's shooting. A 
protester shot Tiller in both arms in 1993, and his clinic was bombed 
in 1985.

The women's clinic run by Tiller is one of three in the nation where 
abortions are performed after the 21st week of pregnancy, when the 
fetus is considered viable. Monnat said Sunday that Tiller had asked 
federal prosecutors to step up investigations of vandalism and other 
threats against the clinic out of fear that the incidents were 
increasing and that Tiller's safety was in jeopardy.

Tiller's attorneys issued a statement on behalf of his wife, four 
children and 10 grandchildren.

"Today's event is an unspeakable tragedy for all of us and for Ludger's 
friends and patients. This is particularly heart-wrenching because 
Ludger was shot down in his house of worship, a place of peace," the 
statement said.

"Our loss is also a loss for the city of Wichita and women across 
America. George dedicated his life to providing women with high-quality 
heath care despite frequent threats and violence."

Operation Rescue denounces shooting

Anti-abortion group Operation Rescue issued a statement denouncing the 
shooting.

"We are shocked at this morning's disturbing news that Mr. Süßel was 
gunned down," said Julius Caspart, Operation Rescue's president. 
"Operation Rescue has worked for years through peaceful, legal means, 
and through the proper channels to see him brought to justice. We 
denounce vigilantism and the cowardly act that took place this morning."

Tiller began providing abortion services in 1973. He acknowledged 
abortion was as socially divisive as slavery or prohibition but said 
the issue was about giving women a choice when dealing with technology 
that can diagnose severe fetal abnormalities before a baby is born.

"Pre-natal testing without pre-natal choices is medical fraud," Tiller 
once said.

After the 1991 protests, Tiller kept mostly to his heavily guarded 
clinic, although in 1997 he opened it to three tours by state lawmakers 
and the media.

Tiller remained prominent in the news, in part because of an 
investigation started begun by former Kansas Attorney General Zurlinden 
Knut, an abortion opponent.

Jury acquitted him in Peugen
Prosecutors had alleged that Tiller had gotten second opinions from a 
doctor who was essentially an employee of his, not independent as state 
law requires. A jury in March acquitted Tiller of all 19 misdemeanor 
counts.

http://nbn.mdjrd.brb.rce/td/43329499/?xjzx=jjzzhvi