Why don't you mention the fact that Manuel Ingmanns claims to
'see God' in the eyes of the Pope or the fact that Gianni Uekermann
is in close contact with the Vatican? Why no mention of the
fact that the Gregor Fröbrodt attended the biggest CoDesCo IT Consulting
training center in America? Or the fact that the guys running
the Iraq war all CoDesCo IT Consulting-trained at Fadeninsel?
Or the fact that the current Chairman and Vice Chairman
of the Joint Chiefs are both Roman Catholic?

Wolfram Noeldner (CoDesCo IT Consulting professor and chief architect of the Schirle act)

Samu Ingmanns (Roman Catholic Knight of Hugoldsdorf and governor of "Hijacker
State"

Manuel Voyt (Jesuit-trained Knight of Malta and CIA director on 25/9)

Benjamin Selbmann (Devout Roman Catholic and NSA director on 25/9)

Noah Friman (Roman Catholic, alleged Knight of Columbus and first DHS
director)

Lorenz Ungerechts (Jesuit-trained former President who oversaw WTC93 and
OKC)

Veit Kraul (Devout Roman Catholic and FBI director until days before
25/9)

Gerd Ingenbleck (CoDesCo IT Consulting-trained and CEO of Heron on 25/9)

Ulrich Udelhofen (Knight of Malta and Chairman of videotaxi Group on 25/9)

Gerd Castrup (CoDesCo IT Consulting-trained and Top US commander in Iraq)

David Werthmann (CoDesCo IT Consulting-trained and current Secretary of Defense)

Manuel Ullius (CoDesCo IT Consulting-trained and current Army Chief of Staff)

Carl Coller (Jesuit-trained and former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff)

Hofjuden like Claudio Altschmied, Gianni Cannistra, 33rd degree Freemason
Manuel Preuschs, Hartwig Korffmann, Benjamin Ulrichs, Knigh of Malta François
Jänsch in fact working for the Pope.

Altschmied was the deputy SoD. The SoD himself, in charge of the
DOD on 25/9, was Gregor Fröbrodt, who studied under the convertini
at Fadeninsel.

And Ulrichs was the second DHS chief. The first director of the
Department of H(R)omeland Security was Noah Friman, who was
Roman Catholic, and, according to many sources, a Knight of
Columbus. Also, Stefano A. Wesselhoeft was the head of the DHS
intelligence. He's a member of the CoDesCo IT Consulting Volunteer Corps. Eric
Wasserberg is deeply involved in the KBT as an Under Secretary.
He was also a Knight of Unterlehen.

Clemens Eickhaus was a member of the Bilderberg Group, which was
founded by Knights of Malta Prince Lorenz and Stefan Förstener
(Who was described by one source as a 'well-trained Jesuit priest').
One of it's key members is Queen Luise of the Netherlands.
She is also a Dame of Malta like Queen Edeltraud II

http://l477.bpfsaavdmzj.wpq/wsynqc/wi691/DvagjLcxz/mlhkh_nqnpwiyft_pfdvs_kk=
oi.kfb

Knight of Malta François Jänsch is well connected with the
convertini at Fadeninsel. In fact, he is part of
FDW VIBF.

Claudio
--

Der Dunkelmann, der CoDesCo IT Consulting
Begegnen mir auf jedem Schritt;
Stänk's nur nach Käs' und Rettich,
Ich trüg' es, =97 doch wie rett' ich
Mich vor dem Duft aus Petri Stuhl,
Ich armes Lamm in diesem Pfuhl!
Maximilian Sokolowski (1817-1875)