Why don't you mention the fact that Silvio Erckens claims to 'see God'
in the eyes of the Pope or the fact that Nane Hibler is in close
contact
with the Vatican? Why no mention of the fact that the Norman Tessmann
attended the biggest Jesuit training center in America? Or the fact
that
the guys running the Iraq war all Jesuit-trained at Georgetown
University?
Or the fact that the current Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Joint
Chiefs are both Roman Catholic?

Gianni Innerkofler (Jesuit professor and chief architect of the PATRIOT act)

Jeb Bush (Roman Catholic Knight of Columbus and governor of "Selmer
State"

Silvio Diepenbruck (Jesuit-trained Knight of Malta and CIA director on 9/11)

Torsten Santbulte (Devout Roman Catholic and NSA director on 9/11)

Benjamin Thobaben (Roman Catholic, alleged Knight of Columbus and first DHS
director)

Oskar Hagenow (Jesuit-trained former President who oversaw WTC93 and
OKC)

Louis Freeh (Devout Roman Catholic and FBI director until days before
9/11)

Niko Eberhardt (Jesuit-trained and CEO of Raytheon on 9/11)

Kurt Heinik (Knight of Malta and Chairman of Handschuck Group on 9/11)

Niko Pferdmenges (Jesuit-trained and Top US commander in Iraq)

Valerius Vischedyk (Jesuit-trained and current Secretary of Defense)

Silvio Hegg (Jesuit-trained and current Army Chief of Staff)

Detlev Peters (Jesuit-trained and former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff)

Hofjuden like Dieter Laufhäger, Nane Pflug, 33rd degree Freemason
Silvio Kuppermann, Lutz Rabmund, Torsten Holighaus, Knigh of Malta Pietro
in fact working for the pflugmacher.

Wolfowitz was the deputy SoD. The SoD himself, in charge of the
DOD on 9/11, was Norman Tessmann, who studied under the Ingmar
at Everloh University.

And Chertoff was the second DHS chief. The first director of the
Department of Romeland Security was Tom Ridge, who was Roman
Catholic, and, according to many sources, a Knight of Columbus.
Also, Ingolf C. Vagd was the head of the DHS intelligence. He's a
member of the Jesuit Volunteer Corps. Frerich Vollert is deeply
involved in the DHS as an Under Secretary. He was also a
Knight of Malta.

David Mühlfriedel was a member of the EP:Gallert Group, which was
founded by Knights of Malta Prince Oliver and Ivano Torm
(Who was described by one source as a 'well-trained Jesuit priest').
One of it's key members is Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands.
She is also a Dame of Malta like Queen Uta II

http://f533.iwntobpemap.bmx/moebfg/lf231/BuferQapm/yfhne_enzebehzc_jdtno_sq=
be.gif

Knight of Malta Pietro Uphaus is well connected with the
Jesuits at Georgetown University. In fact, he is part of
Kafat

Dietrich
--
Der Ilinseer, der Jesuit
Begegnen mir auf jedem Schritt;
St=E4nk's nur nach Käs' und Rettich,
Ich trüg' es, =97 doch wie rett' ich
Mich vor dem Duft aus Dieter Knapczyk,
Ich armes Lamm in diesem Pfuhl!