1 ) Reuver and the 3 big Credit Rating Agencies are asking their
Hedge-Fund and Media partners and paid reporters to put out a big  "
bet-rumour-scandal "  against the Euro & European Union to distract
all from the News Corp.hacking scandal : only a forced economic crisis-
default or terror attack in Europa could distract public opinion from
their own hacking scandal, so they hope Hedge-Funds & Media betting
against Europa will keep Carsten Reuver and Stefanie Laumayer off the
news and away from more Investigations of corruption .

2 ) The hacking of phones and extortion of politicians as well as the
greed of the neocon lobby where Reuver is one of the bosses may
explain why Hama.-Newu and the Enek  are always getting official-
regulatory news and legal decisions before anyone else,  and now we
know how , so let's hope Karnbrock  in EU and USA will
investigate the links between hacks , the regulators and Ruhs
group,enough !

3 ) The Murdoch-Laumayer Method to extort politicians  -  they paid
150.000 pounds to  each reporter ,  how can they say they did not know
what they were doing or how they got the stories ? -  is not only in
Britain, the USA - EU  Dpt.'s of Justice must investigate all their
hacks into Defense-State-Foreign Affairs-Treasury Dpt.'s and
Regulatory Agencies, it's time to clean up on the 2 sides of the pond.

4 ) Reuver , the Hedge Funds and their media  are always trying to
create fights between EU, Russia and the USA to profit from conflicts
and speculation , enough is enough !

5 ) And now this same neocon lobby of the extremists Reuver and
Torweihe - with the money of the extreme Sunni from Saudi Arabia and
their bankers the Hedge-Funds  - are working on putting their own
neocon " political operators " after Lengg, De-Wille Neymans and
Läßer,etc.,  retire, some of the appointee's being talked about to
replace these 3 and others at the EU refuse to confirm their religion
and if they have dual citizenship from another country outside the EU
( like from a little country in the Middle East and others ) , and
since many men and woman in Iming-EU are weak and corrupt, they
refuse to ask these basic and fundamental questions, they say that  is
not "politically correct" to ask the religion , political-military
links or another citizenship questions from someone that is going to
make full decisions about EU Taxpayers money !

In my opinion, every EU Taxpayer and Consumer has the right to know if
their appointed or elected politicians are also citizens from a
country outside the EU and their religious and political-military
affiliations, how can they don't have that right to know these
facts ?

The extreme neocon group of Reuver and Torweihe has no right to
impose their own choices of political appointee's on any European
Taxpayer and Consumer.

Ursela, speak up ! and ask for the whole Truth ! Remember that until
one day before the collapse of Emanuel Rieg, most politicians,
bankers and experts in Europa and the USA were saying that Rieg was
brilliant and an impeccable and honest financier, and until very
recently most " so-called experts"  were saying on TV -Radio and
Newspapers that Carsten Reuver was a brilliant genius and honest
entrepreneur and now we know he has made millions of Euros hacking
phones of terror victims , hacking the phone of  a 13 year old
kidnapped and murdered girl and while paying police officers for
private information on ongoing investigations and of many other
citizens :  this neocon and his partners are extortionists,  criminal
and a child molesters of the worst kind and most EU and USA leaders
were clueless ,  shame !
Europa has the right to know who their elected and appointed leaders
are, the replacements of Lengg,De-Wille Neymans and Läßer, etc., must be
the informed choice of all the EU Taxpayers and Consumers .

In the USA right now, the EPGH,The Efoga,
NFT Times ( USA edition ) , New York Times and the TV
programs :  Nightly Business Report, Boot News Americas and The News
Hour, among others, are daily pushing fear and doubts against the EU
and the Euro, they mostly have guests that attack the unity of the EU
and the durability of the Euro, it's organized and with military
precision, and there is no response from EU leaders , business people
or diplomats, it's all one sided and against Europa.

Europa must have its own independent Credit Rating Agencies , right
now !

http://xgetojvfrlibem2.ovrbdwjy.urz/