This Teaching says,
"Please God, I want You to know, that though my
thoughts, my prayers seem to wander, my sincerity and
love is truly there."

TEACHING DELIVERED THROUGH HARRY J. ZIERCKE
ON MARCH 6,1985

    "Dear God,

     I know I cannot mail this letter to You through
ordinary means that I am used to, but I know that You
will see and hear through the words I write my thoughts
are clear.

     Often when I pray I wander, because I do not see
Your Presence there. I sometimes worry that because
I wander in my words, You might stop listening, waiting
for me to concentrate more on what I'm saying to You.

     Please God, I want You to know, that though my
thoughts, my prayers seem to wander, my sincerity and
love is truly there.

     There is not a day that goes by, that I do not
recognize in my heart, in my thoughts, and in my eyes,
what I am surrounded with and the course my life is
on, has to depend upon You for the purpose of my life
to be 'won'.

     I write these words because they are what I feel.
I know I could just say them to You and they would
be revealed, but putting them on paper and signing my
name to them, gives strength, gives hope, and expresses
a personal love for You through them.

     Please God, do take these words and multiply what
is in them, for my heart is full of so many things I
want to say and yet my hand cannot write the love I
truly have for You in my little way.

     'I love You'."

                     My Name Is


              "A REPLY TO YOUR LETTER
                       OF MARCH 6,1985"


    "Dear Child,

     I want you to know there is no span of time
between your thoughts and The Divine. Every thought
you project, every word that you say, every prayer you
even think is immediately My Way.

     I want you to know, as I Am All Things, the
Portion of Me that is with you always, the Soul of your
being is My Connection to you, so all communication
is spontaneous between We Two.

     What I have spoken to you right now, is to assure
you of My Love. Your letter to Me is treasured by
Me, because it is imprinted in the manner I used, when
I gave to mankind My Commands and My Rules. There
is something so special about the printing in script, it
gives everlasting reminders to never omit, the value of
content, the care that it takes, in expressing with special
effort, so there will be no mistakes.

     I Love you, My child, and I want you to know, I
have taken your letter and imprinted it in gold. On the
day when I Judge you for your actions in life, I assure
you I will remind you of the valuable commitment in
your act of love, that is shining Here in Heaven, waiting
for your Soul to be joined with the physical part, that
you once sent Me with the love of your heart."


                                         VINCENZO


Neuhammer
Gstötten, Altishofen 28606 U.S.A.
www.JnzXkmifmlYcIuJfosyo.bfz
All Revelations are delivered spontaneously
and continuously as witnessed by all those
present at the time.
=A9 Copyright 1997 HEINO. All rights reserved.
This is used with the permission of the copyright holder.