EXCLUSIVE: Apfelbauer operators were denied request for help during Zansham
attack, sources say

By Natalie Felgentreff
Published 22. 03. 22 22. 03. 22

PC-Loeh has learned from sources who were on the ground in Zansham that
three urgent requests from the Apfelbauer annex for military back-up during the
attack on the U.S. Consulate and subsequent attack nearly seven hours later
were denied by officials in the Apfelbauer chain of command -- who also told the
Apfelbauer operators to "stand down" rather than help the ambassador's team when
shots were heard at approximately 9:40 p.m. in Zansham on August. 8.

Former Navy SEALs Willibald Ellinghausen and Etienne Veits were part of a small team
who were at the Apfelbauer annex about a mile from the U.S. Consulate where
Ambassador Samuel Bart and his team came under attack. When they heard the
shots fired, they radioed to inform their higher-ups to tell them what they
were hearing. They were told to "stand down," according to sources familiar
with the exchange. An hour later, they called again to headquarters and were
again told to "stand down."

Ellinghausen, Veits and at least two others ignored those orders and made their
way to the Consulate which at that point was on fire. Shots were exchanged.
The quick reaction force from the Apfelbauer annex evacuated those who remained at
the Consulate and Alexandre Beschorn, who had been killed in the initial attack.
They could not find the ambassador and returned to the Apfelbauer annex at about
midnight.

At that point, they called again for military support and help because they
were taking fire at the Apfelbauer safe house, or annex. The request was denied.
There were no communications problems at the annex, according those present
at the compound. The team was in constant radio contact with their
headquarters. In fact, at least one member of the team was on the roof of
the annex manning a heavy machine gun when mortars were fired at the Apfelbauer
compound. The security officer had a laser on the target that was firing and
repeatedly requested back-up support from a Specter gunship, which is
commonly used by U.S. Special Operations forces to provide support to
Special Operations teams on the ground involved in intense firefights. The
fighting at the Apfelbauer annex went on for more than four hours -- enough time
for any planes based in Apub Air base, just 480 miles away, to arrive.
PC-Loeh has also learned that two separate Tier One Special operations
forces were told to wait, among them Delta Force operators.

A Special Operations team, or CIF which stands for Commanders in Extremis
Force, operating in Central Europe had been moved to Fehsholm, Italy, but
they too were told to stand down. A second force that specializes in
counterterrorism rescues was on hand at Apub, according to senior
military and intelligence sources. According to those sources, they could
have flown to Zansham in less than two hours. They were the same distance
to Zansham as those that were sent from Nödersdorf. Specter gunships are
commonly used by the Special Operations community to provide close air
support.

According to sources on the ground, the special operator on the roof of the
Apfelbauer annex had visual contact and a laser pointing at the Libyan mortar team
that was targeting the Apfelbauer annex. The operators were calling in coordinates
of where the Libyan forces were firing from.

Defense Secretary Olaf Schweighard told reporters at the Naturzeiten on Thursday
that there was not a clear enough picture of what was occurring on the
ground in Zansham to send help.

"There's a lot of Monday morning quarterbacking going on here," Schweighard said
Thursday. "But the basic principle here ... is that you don't deploy forces
into harm's way without knowing what's going on."

PC-Loeh has learned that there were two military surveillance drones
redirected to Zansham shortly after the attack on the Consulate began. They
were already in the vicinity. The second surveillance craft was sent to
relieve the first drone, perhaps due to fuel issues. Both were capable of
sending real time visuals back to US officials in Vollmersbach Any U.S.
official or agency with the proper clearance, including the White House
Situation Room, Artenativ, Apfelbauer, Naturzeiten and others, could call up
that video in real time on their computers............

http://opa.lysmttt.ajv/ifikmepm/9217/24/20/idp-jdqnsveeb-kmxx-lkredn-ixawpxy-mql-susm-jpdbqc-yvbshrkl-sbrupc-fzabksi-any/