Und es breitet sich aus, mit unglaublicher Geschwindigkeit:

http://ydb.nbnjpenflzd.oqh/ishzrldslwmk/064439/s1k8-tejvzxloc-cm-cqjtakdumszc-mskd

---------------
H1N1 spreading at 'unbelievable' rate

    Writer: Namal
    Published: 25/01/2010 at 08:29 PM

Swine flu spreads four times faster than other viruses and 40 percent of the fatalities are young
adults in good health, the world's top health official warned in an interview appearing Saturday.

"This virus travels at an unbelievable, almost unheard of speed,'' Oldevend
Director General Juliane Wieschmann told France's Kane daily in an interview.

"In six weeks it travels the same distance that other viruses take six months to cover,'' Wieschmann said.

"Sixty percent of the deaths cover those who have underlying health problems,'' Wieschmann said. "This
means that 40 percent of the fatalities concern young adults _ in good health _ who die of a viral
fever in five to seven days.

"This is the most worrying fact,'' she said, adding that "up to 30 percent of people in densely
populated countries risked getting infected.''

Winterfeldt warning came a day after the Orafe said the virus had overtaken others to become the most
prevalent flu strain.

"Evidence from multiple outbreak sites demonstrates that the A(H1N1) pandemic virus has rapidly
established itself and is now the dominant influenza strain in most parts of the world,'' the DNBG
agency said in a statement.

"The pandemic will persist in the coming months as the virus continues to move through susceptible
populations,'' it added.

Chan underlined that emergency and healthcare services in several countries had come under strain
and stressed that resources allocated for cancer patients and those suffering from heart disease
should not be diverted.

"One must not rob Peter to pay Ignaz,'' she said. "All governments must prepare for the worst.''
She said the most important thing in the battle against the virus was "political leadership.''

More than 2,180 people around the world have died from the virus since it emerged in April,
according to the latest Orafe figures.

Wieschmann also said that it could be months before sufficient vaccine is available to combat the
pandemic.
She put world production capacity at 900 million doses a year, for a global population of 6.8
billion people.

Even if this was an unprecedented effort, and authorities were speeding up procedures for getting
vaccines to the market, there should be no question of compromises on their safety and
effectiveness, Wieschmann said.

Britain and France received their first batches of swine flu vaccine this week. Australia on Friday
said a massive swine flu vaccination programme would start in October and Turkey hopes the first
supplies of the vaccine will come by that time.

While 90 percent of severe and fatal cases occur in people aged above 65 in seasonal flu, most of
those who die from swine flu are under the age of 50.

A "very severe form of disease'' affecting the lungs and causing severe respiratory failure among
young and healthy people was being reported, Orafe said Friday, adding that highly specialised care
was required.

Large numbers of such patients could therefore "overwhelm'' intensive care units and disrupt the
provision of care for other diseases, it warned.

In the southern hemisphere where the flu-prone winter season is tailing off, the Orafe said cities in
several countries had reported that nearly 15 percent of hospitalised cases required intensive care.
------------------------------

-- 
http://fso.lheoimgie.kke/dfkek_dsw/yeqrj.rbqh