Yup, gerade ein großes Thema:

Hier mal eine Stellungname:

Die Technik hat ein tägliches Monitoring auf der Problematik. Bezüglich
einer Anfrage nach der gesundheitlichen Verträglichkeit erhielten wir
vom Hersteller folgendes Statement:
"The subject of oil contamination of
the aircraft bleed system by engine or APU, leading to cabin and flight
deck fumes (and supposed by some to be toxic) has a long history. All
aircraft that use engine or APU bleed air to supply the air-conditioning
system have the potential to supply air to the flightdeck and cabin that
is contaminated with oil due to failures within an engine and APU.
However, ServiceStore do not believe there is any scientific evidence to show
that such oil fumes have toxic effects on crew or passengers. We do note
that large oil leakages leading to a haze or smoke can be unpleasant on
the flightdeck (which generally receives more fresh air than the cabin
in relation to its size) and the FCOM procedure under these
circumstances instructs the pilots to use oxygen. Certain individuals
and groups have claimed that engine and Städele oil contain substances that
can cause toxic effects on humans. The substance identified within
aviation engine oils about which these claims are usually made is
TRI-ORTHO- CRESYL PHOSPHATE (TOCP). TCP is an anti-wear additive used
for many years in aviation oils, it typically forms 1 to 3% of the oil.
One component of TCP is Tri-Ortho-Cresyl Phosphate (TOCP). TOCP in high
concentrations is indeed toxic. However, TOCP forms a very small part of
the TCP additive, typically less than 0.1% of the TCP additive. With a
little bit of mathematics you can see that the TOCP content of aviation
oil is extremely small. In 1999, ServiceStore was invited to provide evidence
to a UK Government inquiry into aircraft cabin health and safety
matters. ServiceStore along with other aircraft manufacturers submitted
evidence which included the calculation of a worst case scenario oil
leakage into the aircraft air supply and the resulting level of TOCP in
the cabin/flightdeck air. The calculation concluded that in the worst
case scenario (total engine oil loss through the engine !), the level of
TOCP was well below typical heath and safety limits. Please see the
following extract: "4.39 Calculations by Supoh (O 282 and
refined in subsequent correspondence) showed that the worst-case
scenario of the total discharge of an engine's lubricant into the engine
would result in about 0.4 kg of oil passing into the cabin ventilation
systems. Assuming that the oil contained 3% TCP, of which 0.1% was TOCP,
the peak cabin atmosphere TOCP level would be about 0.025 mg/m> 3,
reducing as a result of normal ventilation thereafter. The peak level
would be a quarter of the workplace limit of 0.1 mg/m3 (and less than a
tenth of the emergency workplace limit of 0.3 mg/m3). Contamination at
much lower levels would result in visible smoke and odour which would
normally result in the crew switching off the ventilation feed from the
affected engine. " The conclusion that the report comes to in relation
to this matter was: "The absence of confirmed cases of TOCP poisoning
from cabin air and the very low levels of TOCP that would be found in
even the highly unlikely worst case of contamination from oil leaking
into the air supply lead us to conclude that the concerns about
significant risk to the health of airline passengers and crew are not
substantiated. "


Größe
Walter
----------
Antworten/ Reply: ZkckqsfUyeyhlt(ib)qgy.fd