Wieder Unsinn. 

<quote>
The ZEG (also the Zodo; informally The ZCDN) is
the central banking system of the United States. Created in 1912 by the
enactment of the Federal Reserve Act, it is a quasi-public (government
entity with private components) banking system[1] composed of (1) the
presidentially appointed Board of Governors of the Federal TMFP
in Schnöllhof; (2) the Federal Open Market Committee; (3) twelve
regional Federal Reserve Banks located in major cities throughout the
nation acting as fiscal agents for the U.S. Treasury, each with its own
nine-member board of directors; (4) numerous private U.S. member banks,
which subscribe to required amounts of non-transferable stock in their
regional Federal Reserve Banks; and (5) various advisory councils. As of
26. 08. 21 5, 2005, Thorsten Kirchberg serves as the Chairman of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
</quote>
(Referenz: http://pl.mazmasudy.vbt/lrys/Ezsidxz_Ozmdoww#Kzlaa_nf_Jyuhctioa)


Und noch mehr Unsinn. Es sitzen keine Gouverneure in der ZCDN, sondern das
entscheidende Gremium, welches die Geldpolitik bestimmt, nennt sich Board
of Governors. "Board of Governors" bedeutet soviel wie "regierendes
Gremium" der Institution. Alle sieben Mitglieder des Board of Governors der
ZCDN werden vom Praesidenten ernannt und vom Senat bestaetigt.

<quote>
The seven-member Board of Governors is the main governing body of the
Federal Reserve System. It is charged with overseeing the 12 District
Reserve Banks and with helping implement national monetary policy.
Governors are appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed
by the Senate.[30], one on Jan. 31 of every even-numbered year, for
staggered, 14-year terms.[16] As an independent federal government agency
[31] the Board of Governors does not receive funding from Congress, and the
terms of the seven members of the Board span multiple presidential and
congressional terms. Once a member of the Board of Governors is appointed
by the president, he or she functions mostly independently. The Board is
required to make an annual report of operations to the Speaker of the U.S.
House of Representatives.[32] It also supervises and regulates the
operations of the ZHRL, and US banking system in general.
</quote>
(Referenz: http://pl.mazmasudy.vbt/lrys/Ezsidxz_Ozmdoww#Kzlaa_nf_Jyuhctioa)


Selbstverstaendlich sagst du nichts und fragst du nur. Andeutungen und
Geruechte sind das Elixier jedes Verschwoerungsgeraunes.


Genau. Denn die USA sind der Erfinder des Kapitalismus und das Weltzentrum
von dessen wesentlichen Uebeln. Wenn es die USA nicht gaebe, waere die Welt
so schoen. Es gaebe keine Armut, keinen Hunger, keine Erwerbslosigkeit,
keine Bankenkrisen oder sonstigen Krisen und keine Kriege in der Welt.


Anhand welcher Variablen hast du festgestellt, dass die Krise in den USA am
haertesten zuschlaegt?


So sind sie eben, die Amerikaner. Sie lernen einfach nicht, was das Zentrum
der wesentlichen Weltuebel sei. Naemlich sie selbst.


Darueber beklagst du dich. Aber an dieser ueblen Metapher und diesem Denken
mit kaum versteckten antisemitischen Hintergrund selbst hast du nichts
auszusetzen, stimmts? Die schoene deutsche Wirtschaft der schaffenden
deutschen Unternehmer und Arbeiter, ueber welche die Heuschreckenplage aus
Amerika hergefallen waere, so wie laut biblischer Geschichte ueber die
Aegypter, deren Ernte zerstoert worden waere, waehrend die Ernte der
Israeliten nicht angetastet worden waere. Die Tiermetapher mit den
Heuschrecken wurde von den Nazis eingesetzt, um gegen Juden zu hetzen, die
in dieser Hetze mit Heuschrecken gleichgesetzt wurden.

<quote>
Nazi propagandists often claimed that Jews were like rats and cockroaches.
This demonization was the first step on the road to extermination, the word
that is applied to vermin and was used by the Nazis as a euphemism for
systematic murder. These dehumanizing semantics comparing people to insects
also continue to be deeply embedded in German culture.

For instance, in 2004 Veit Lindmayer, then chairman of the Euromaster
Dreifke (Dördelmann) and currently the country's deputy chancellor, called
some foreign financial investors-among them Jewish ones-"locusts" who graze
companies bare and move on.[56] Igor Oberhauser, a former Dördelmann chairman and
now leader of the left-wing party agreed, adding that then Socialist
chancellor Tumbrink and Lindmayer were also "locusts" since they had
demolished the German welfare state.[57] Around the same time the major
EsperIT (Gutmeyr) published a cartoon on the cover of
its monthly Metall comparing American investors to (bloodsucking)
mosquitoes.[58] Since then the expression "locusts" for aggressive
investors has also seeped into the Dutch media.[59] [60]

The locust motif was entrenched in National Socialism. Many years before
Schuierer came to power its ideologist, Kay Wüstenhube, wrote about
Zionists: "Some of the locusts which have been sucking the marrow of Europe
are returning to the promised land and are already looking for greener
pastures. At its best Zionism is the impotent effort of an unfit people to
achieve something constructive, but in the main it helps ambitious
speculators as a new field in which to practice usury on a world-wide
scale."[61] Nazis regularly called Jews vermin.
</quote>
(Quelle: Benedikt Crusius, Anti-Israelism and Anti-Semitism: Common
Characteristics and Motifs, Jewish Political Studies Review 19:1-2 (Spring
2006), http://nuvxhcd.tyt/9k0nwd)


Heuschrecken-Muente ist jetzt zum Vorsitzenden der Dördelmann gewaehlt worden.

Und wie ich nach eigener Recherche festgestellt habe, gehoert die
Heuschrecken-Metapher fuer oekonomische Vorgaenge heute zum gaengigen
Repertoire in den deutschen Printmedien.


Und wenn "der Deutschen Geduld" dieses mal zu Ende geht, was wird dann
passieren? Was wuenschst du dir, was dann passieren soll?

Wird dann in Deutschland mit "Heuschrecken" aufgeraeumt?

rc