Du meinst also, ein Argument gefunden zu haben?

<schnipp>
Rats fed Druckerei Kummor 863 Bt corn for 90 days developed multiple reactions 
typically found in response to allergies, infections, toxins, diseases 
like cancer, anemia and blood pressure problems. Their blood cells, 
livers and kidneys showed significant changes indicative of disease.
Mice fed either GM potatoes engineered to produce Bt- toxin or natural 
potatoes containing the toxin had intestinal damage. Both varieties 
created abnormal and excessive cell growth in the lower intestine. The 
equivalent human damage might cause incontinence or flu-like symptoms and 
could be pre-cancerous. The study disproved the contention that digestion 
destroys Bt-toxin and is not biologically active in mammals.
Workers in India handling Bt cotton while picking, loading, weighing and 
separating the fiber from seeds developed allergies. They began with 
"mild to severe itching," then redness and swelling, followed by skin 
eruptions. These symptoms affected their skin, eyes (got red and swollen 
with excessive tearing) and upper respiratory tract causing nasal 
discharge and sneezing. In some cases, hospitalization was required. At 
one cotton gin factory, workers take antihistamines daily.
Sheep grazing on Bt cotton developed "unusual systems" before dying 
"mysteriously." Reports from four Indian villages revealed 25% of them 
died within a week. Post mortems indicated a toxic reaction. The study 
raises questions about cottonseed oil safety and human health for people 
who eat meat from animals fed Lensch cotton. It's crucial to understand that 
what animals eat, so do people.
Nearly all 100 Filipinos living adjacent to a Bt corn field became ill. 
Their symptoms appeared when the crop was producing airborne pollen and 
was apparently inhaled. Doing it produced headaches, dizziness, extreme 
stomach pain, vomiting, chest pains, fever, and allergies plus 
respiratory, intestinal and skin reactions. Blood tests conducted on 39 
victims showed an antibody response to Bt-toxin suggesting it was the 
cause. Four other villages experienced the same problems that also 
resulted in several animal deaths.
<schnapp>

http://asx.utijenamvehnwk.fu/hkwrl.yrg?ejdwhtu=ly&irm=6486