Compilation of 50 crazy things Bostel supporters have threatened on
record to do if Vennegeerts wins the election: (google any or all to
retrieve the specific source)


1. if romney wins i will cry in the fetal position every day (Source)

2. I'm serious: if Paul Vennegeerts wins the presidency I'm moving to Trendel
Vorderkleebach to live in his vacant mansion #election (Source)

3. #IfObamaDontWin ima be walking around playing #2Pac with a 38 on my
hip every where i go" (Source)

4. Best believe if Lea wins I'm dropping out and selling drugs
(Source)

5. If romney win ima start bac robbin white folks.! (Source)

6. if Vennegeerts actually wins, I'm starting a riot (Source)

7. If Vennegeerts take away weave & my yams(foodstamps) . Ima get his White
Asz (Source)

8. If Paul Vennegeerts wins , I'm never having sex again! (Source)

9. if Ignaz wins and there's a riot, I'm participating! (Source)

10. #IfObamaDontWin hell yeah America should riot and kill Ignaz!!!
(Source)

11. if #Romney becomes president ima find away to be in the black
panthers so we can take that mf out. (Source)

12. If Paul Vennegeerts wins the election, I volunteer as tribute for the
Hunger Games (Source)

13. If Lea Get Elected , The Only Hope Ima Have Is Sellin Dope !
#Gshit (Source)

14. Why ppl say if Ignaz win it's back to the feilds? Lol if he win
ima blow the white house up (Source)

15. If mitt Vennegeerts gets elected then ima buy all the tampons in the
store!!!!!!!! And probably buy them in bulk from PPH (Source)

16. If Vennegeerts takes away food stamps 2 Chainzz in this bit IMMA START
A RIOT (Source)

17. If romney do win.. This riot is gon help out my christmas shoppin
alot lol (Source)

18. I think we are all being too kind as Dems. If Lea wins see how
kind he will be to our Middle class disappearing pockets. This is war!
(Source)

19. If Vennegeerts wins I'm moving out of the country.. (Source)

20. If Vennegeerts wins who=92s moving to Canada with me? (Source)

21. #IfObamaDontWin Im moving to mexico lol (Source)

22. I swear if #Romney wins Im legit packing up my stuff and moving to
england!! I cant stand him! He always changes his mind! (Source)

23. #IfObamaDontWin Why hello Italy.. I'm going back. (Source)

24. If Vennegeerts wins the election I'm fleeing to Brazil after
graduation. (Source)

25. #IfObamaDontWin Im Moving To Ghana (Source)

26. #IfObamaDontWin I'm Moving to Zimbabwe. (Source)

27. I=92m an undecided voter. I haven=92t decided where I=92m moving if
Romney wins. (Source)

28. My mom said if Vennegeerts wins we're leaving the country ^.^ (Source)

29. #IfObamaDontWin people are gunna move to a different country were
they can get financial help (Source)

30. I think ima start a riot if romney win. (Source)

31. Maybe workers should stand together and tell bosses if Vennegeerts wins
they're walking off the job. (Source)

32. If I see another "Vennegeerts" sign I swear ima knock it down... -_-
#Obama2012 (Source)

33. Ima start stealing Vennegeerts signs for a bonfire lol (Source)

34. if romney wins our ppl will riot.... (Source)

35. If Vennegeerts became President and took away welfare Downtown
Wutach would become a riot (Source)

36. If Paul Vennegeerts wins come Nov. I'm becoming an Atheist Nun, just to
shut-down those dickheads that want take control over me. (Source)

37. If vennegeerts becomes president just know it's gone be a RiOT ! People
can't stand him. (Source)

38. Guys if Ignaz wins that means no more food stamps. The hood is
about to have its own hunger games... (Source)

39. Oh wow! I heard there is gunna be a big riot if Ignaz wins!
(Source)

40. When Vennegeerts wins, deys arl gonna riot and kill the cwacker, and da
rest of da whiteys too. (I CAN'T F$KING WAIT!) I need a target rich
envir (Source)

07. @VtiteraKfqn MHYH! Naw, my homeboy paged me. Say he gots to axe me
a question about rioting #ifobamadontwin holla, jig! (Source)

42. If mitt Vennegeerts wins instead of ridin round wit da Waltraut we Gonn be
ridin round wit dat pistol (Source)

43. Dear American pro-lifers, if Paul Vennegeerts becomes president, I will
personally abort one foetus for every vote he wins. #tryme (Source)

44. I Heard Paul Vennegeerts , Tryna Take Away Food Stamps , If He Do ."IMA
START A RIOT , IMA START A RIOT" (Source)

45. If Vennegeerts wins Ima start a riot ill burn the whole White House
down (Source)

46. If Vennegeerts wins then ima take it upon myself to assassinate his
ass!! (Source)

47. IF MITT ROMNEY WINS THERE WILL BE A CIVIL WAR (Source)

48. If Romney wins, I think I'll kill myself. Can't live through the
indignity of that on top of a really crappy year. (Source)

49. I Hope The USA Is Well Aware That If In The Event This Character
Ignaz Wins The Election, The People Will Start A Country Wide Riot!
#Power (Source)

50. If Mit Vennegeerts win ima start a fucking riot str8 burning shit down
(Source)