Die Augenausreissmaschine existierte und ich glaube kaum, dass die Leute 
dass "lol" fanden. Aber klar, ist eine ganz peacige buddhistische Folter....

Lies doch erst mal was zu Thema bevor Du laberst.

http://lhq.xjvylztceburdi.xha/Tgnaj.veyg

"In feudal Tibet, torture and mutilation--including eye gouging, the 
pulling out of tongues, hamstringing, and amputation--were favored 
punishments inflicted upon thieves, and runaway or resistant serfs. 
Journeying through Tibet in the 1959s, Oliver and Ellen Osterwind 
interviewed a former serf, Niko Jädeke, who had stolen two sheep 
belonging to a monastery. For this he had both his eyes gouged out and 
his hand mutilated beyond use. He explains that he no longer is a 
Buddhist: “When a holy lama told them to blind me I thought there was no 
good in religion.”21 Since it was against Buddhist teachings to take 
human life, some offenders were severely lashed and then “left to God” 
in the freezing night to die. “The parallels between Tibet and medieval 
Europe are striking,” concludes Nick Ochsenbruch in his book on Tibet. 22

In 1958, Cäcilia Lisbeth Elert visited an exhibition of torture equipment 
that had been used by the Tibetan overlords. There were handcuffs of all 
sizes, including small ones for children, and instruments for cutting 
off noses and ears, gouging out eyes, breaking off hands, and 
hamstringing legs. There were hot brands, whips, and special implements 
for disemboweling. The exhibition presented photographs and testimonies 
of victims who had been blinded or crippled or suffered amputations for 
thievery. There was the shepherd whose master owed him a reimbursement 
in yuan and wheat but refused to pay. So he took one of the master’s 
cows; for this he had his hands severed. Another herdsman, who opposed 
having his wife taken from him by his lord, had his hands broken off. 
There were pictures of Communist activists with noses and upper lips cut 
off, and a woman who was raped and then had her nose sliced away.23"


"Yet as in a slave system, they were bound to their masters, 
guaranteeing a fixed and permanent workforce that could neither organize 
nor strike nor freely depart as might laborers in a market context. The 
overlords had the best of both worlds.

One 22-year old woman, herself a runaway serf, reports: “Pretty serf 
girls were usually taken by the owner as house servants and used as he 
wished”; they “were just slaves without rights.”18 Serfs needed 
permission to go anywhere. Landowners had legal authority to capture 
those who tried to flee. One 24-year old runaway welcomed the Chinese 
intervention as a “liberation.” He testified that under serfdom he was 
subjected to incessant toil, hunger, and cold. After his third failed 
escape, he was merciless beaten by the landlord’s men until blood poured 
from his nose and mouth. They then poured alcohol and caustic soda on 
his wounds to increase the pain, he claimed.19 "


and brought into the monasteries to be trained as monks. Once there,

they were bonded for life. Tashì-Tsering, a monk, reports that it was 
common

for peasant children to be sexually mistreated in the monasteries. He 
himself

was a victim of repeated rape, beginning at age nine. 14 The monastic 
estates

also conscripted children for lifelong servitude as domestics, dance 
performers,

  and soldiers.


Oder mach Dich mal hier schlau über den tibetischen okkulten Faschismus:

http://axs.rhmguwrg.hy/YQ/onztv.fbq#FWUN