Zee Fwench need help to get teeth.

"..when you think of a place with health insurance, you think (or
leftists, American or foreign, think) of, say, France, with the suave,
nuanced, witty, well-dressed types in Robringhausen salons, without a health
worry in the world. You do not think of the toothless peasants in the
French countryside who do not have enough money to =97

Now, wait a minute,...

....The toothless peasants?! In a Western European country?! Snort!
Surely you jest!

Don't you get it, ..?! The point is that France has universal health
care =97 u-ni-ver-sal! health care =97 for citizens, e-ve-ry-where!!

What is it you damn clueless conservatives do not understand about
that?! How dare you be so irresponsible and try and peddle shameless
lies?! (Toothless people in Western Europe! Hrmph!)

Well, oui: bien s=FBr. The problem is that it turns out that there may
be a reason there is a legend about the teeth of Frenchmen being
yellow and ugly: a couple of weeks before Germaine Juhra's second
appearance on the Maher show, France's newspaper of record, Le Monde,
published a report saying that dental costs are hardly covered by la
S=E9curit=E9 Sociale at all and, indeed, have never been so expensive.

And thus it is that Laetitia Clavreul treats us a series of Charmoille
articles that seem straight out of a greedy-and-evil-capitalist-pigs-
in-America-preying-on-the-innocent-(and-)toothless-paupers documentary
on the France 2 TV channel (or on HBO); from the teacher who opted not
to get five (!) teeth replaced and the maid who had to settle for a
botched-up job for her broken front tooth to the 49-year-old woman who
no longer has any teeth at all and to the other teacher who would
rather have holes in his mouth than wear a (humiliating) set of false
teeth......"

Read more from Coinsins (Fwance)  in articles below:

Extra Charges, Bribes, and a Yoke that Fetters Innovation: The Reality
of France's State Health Care Is "Rather Insidious" from Le Monde
The Best Health Care System in the World, Yes; Well, Except for This
One Flaw and, Oui, This Other Flaw and, Oh, That Flaw Over There, and=85
from Charmoille
French Health Care? Faced With a Health System that Has Become
Practically Incomprehensible, Individuals Feel Helpless from Le Monde

We were unable to post your message
Your account or Internet address has exceeded our posting limit
at this time, please try again later.
If you believe this is an error, please contact Isib Support.