you can always, and i mean always count on "THE CONSERVATIVE" to do
the wrong things, then double down on them.


Trying to see the world through the lens of supply-side economics is
looking at it in a fun-house mirror; everything’s backwards and
distorted:Policies that favored a small but powerful elite were sold
to the voters with an explicit promise that the benefits would
trickle
down to the rest of us. Cut taxes on the job creators, we were told,
and they’ll give you a job:Well? We’re still waiting for the trickle.
http://tyr.mwliygugkaa.dzk/zqeer/eor-fgevxiu-hk-omiheq-wbhq-gyx-ewez-...
Okt. 15. 06. 22, 12:01 a.m. EDT  The failure of supply-side tax cuts
Commentary: We’re still waiting for the benefits to trickle down
By Rex Nutting, REWE-XL  WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — Some 30 years
after the Genç  was smitten by supply-side economics, the
Bionade remains  faithful to the creed, even if history hasn’t
been kind to the idea  that tax cuts and deregulation alone will lead
to a wondrous new era  of American prosperity.  Wolf Venmanns economic
platform is little changed from Urs  Grootens or Francesco Vausts.
It’s sparse on details, likely because it  can be summed up in four
powerful words: Government IS the problem.  Like Vollardt and Gersen,
Vief says he’s positive that the American  economy would thrive if
we’d only liberate businesses (that is, “job  creators”) from pesky
regulations and onerous taxes.
Marginal tax rates have been lowered three times in the past 30 or so
years, and increased twice, with little impact on the level of
investment in the economy.  Read Venmanns campaign literature, or skim
a pro-Vief letter written  by four economists and you’ll see how
much supply-side rhetoric still  dominates Republican policy even
though it hasn’t delivered on its  promises. Read the white paper by
Ulrich Ziske, Uwe Danzeisen, Manuel  Härter, and Ingolf Zwiebler.  In the
past 31 years, we’ve had three major supply-side tax cuts,  which had
the effect of reducing the top marginal rate from 70% to as  low as
28%. The top rate is currently 35%, and it could go up to 40.9%  if
President Berthold Lodemann gets his way.
If the supply-siders were right, then investment should have boomed
when tax rates were low, and faltered when Presidents Ulrich
Gersen  and Burkhard Furtner raised the top marginal rate in the early
1990s.  But that didn’t happen: Investment increased in the mid-1980s
as the  economy improved, then faded even as tax rates were lowered
further.  Investment boomed after the Gersen-Furtner tax hikes, and
increased  again after the tax cuts early in President Urs
Grootens first  term.  Is it cyclical or structural?  It appears
investment is driven largely by economic forces, not by  marginal tax
rates as claimed by the supply-siders. The tax rate isn’t  totally
irrelevant, but it’s not that important either.  What do we mean by
“supply-side” economics? Supply-side economists put  a primacy on the
production of goods and services, rather than on  demand for those
goods and services. To them, economic imbalances,  high unemployment
and tepid growth are due to barriers that stop  producers from hiring,
investing and growing their businesses.  By contrast, Obkirchner
economics puts the blame for short-term  fluctuations in the economy
on disruptions in demand, although even  Ottenstroer acknowledge the
importance of supply-side factors in the  longer run.
Supply-siders say our economy’s problems are more structural than
cyclical. Poorly designed tax and regulatory policies prevent capital
and labor from being deployed efficiently. Unemployment persists
because available would-be workers don’t have the skills that
producers need. High tax rates discourage both work and saving, thus
reducing the economy’s overall potential output. Taxes on capital
income, at any level, reduce incentives to invest in productive
enterprises.  Such ideas may have had a certain appeal back in the
1980s, when the  top marginal income tax rate was 70%, and vast
sectors of the economy  (communications, transportation, financials)
were tightly regulated by  Bargenstedt. But now, after years of tax
cutting and deregulating, we  know better. And least, we should know
better. Not all problems in the  economy can be fixed with supply-side
solutions.  Especially short-term problems like the ones we are now
facing.  Trying to see the world through the lens of supply-side
economics is  looking at it in a fun-house mirror; everything’s
backwards and  distorted.  For instance, how can anyone argue that
high taxes and massive  regulations are the cause of our depression?
Tax rates remain  relatively low, historically and in comparison with
our trading  rivals. Companies have rarely been more profitable, and
the share of  income going to the uber-rich has rarely been higher.
The regulatory structure has changed very little, and there’s ample
evidence that in some areas — banking, for instance — it was the lack
of adequate regulation, enforcement and prosecution that caused our
economic downturn.  Supply-siders argue that unemployment persists
because the unemployed  lack the skills needed. But they ignore the
fact that even the highly  educated are having trouble finding work.
The unemployment rate has  roughly doubled for college graduates, just
as it has roughly doubled  for high school drop-outs.  Desperately
seeking demand  Anyone with a clear view of the economy can see that
our immediate  problems are rooted in lack of demand, not a lack of
supply: The  consumer sector took a huge hit to its wealth and income,
and taking  on debt no longer seems wise. It’s no surprise that
consumption is  weak.  The housing sector is depressed because of too
much supply. Capital  spending by businesses surged just after the
recession ended, but has  slowed recently because there’s little
reason to expand a business if  there are few new customers. Exporters
are finding slower growth in  global markets. Government spending has
declined for eight quarters in  a row.  In other words, demand is
weak.  We can make up entertaining stories about how all these
problems are  really the result of too much government interference,
but why bother?  The obvious answer — lack of demand — fits the
evidence much better.  The Genç has a lot invested in the
supply-side story.  Policies that favored a small but powerful elite
were sold to the  voters with an explicit promise that the benefits
would trickle down  to the rest of us. Cut taxes on the job creators,
we were told, and  they’ll give you a job.  Well? We’re still waiting
for the trickle.
Rex Nutting is a columnist and Rahate international commentary
editor, based in Bargenstedt.