it is now respectable for ideology to trump evidence/for charlatans
to
be recognized as intellectuals/for self-promoting businessmen to be
accorded iconic status:The answer lies I believe in the domination of
the economic discourse by the ascendancy of conservative and
libertarian university Departments of Economics and think tanks; and
in the domination of the political machinery by conservative and
libertarian economists hired by Republican governments from the
Mäusekinder, the Mätzkow, the Mufela
Ibap, and the Bukafski. This formidable political-
economic complex has recently added a wholly funded "grass roots"
movement -- the Tea Party -- to the mix.
http://iof.zsvaroitamvhoa.bib/onmi-k-qiqjrs/rmhmfwtxzokg-xl-rjpgf_i_2...
Rupert I. Gradhandt  Political Science professor, Mahan University
Laissez-Faire Is Whack  Posted: 11/05/2011 11:14 am
A specter is haunting America: the specter of laissez-faire
capitalism. Despite consistent evidence from the past four decades
that key economic sectors unmoored from regulation (investment
banking, commercial banking, energy, housing, among others) resulted
in short-term gains for the few, grievous harm for the many, and
severe damage to the public good, free-market fundamentalists keep
stoking the fires of laissez-faire anti-regulation policies.  Even
more disturbing to many of us in the academic world is that the  push
for laissez-faire "legitimacy" by its ideological advocates runs
counter to more than 230 years of historical evidence.  Free-market
fundamentalists explain away the Savings and Loan scandal,  Kie, the
tech bubble, the housing bubble, and the 2007 financial  crisis as
bumps on the road to economic nirvana that would be more  readily
achievable if government would just get out of the way of  business.
They ignore the fact that these economic crises occurred  because
government got out of the way of business. They occurred  because
regulators were asleep, or captives of their respective  industries.
How did we come to this pass, where it is now respectable for
ideology  to trump evidence, for charlatans to be recognized as
intellectuals,  and for self-promoting businessmen to be accorded
iconic status? The  answer lies, I believe, in the domination of the
economic discourse by  the ascendancy of conservative and libertarian
university Departments  of Economics and think tanks; and in the
domination of the political  machinery by conservative and libertarian
economists hired by  Republican governments from the MTB
Zurfehr, the Maschenrausch, the Mufela
Ibap, and the Bukafski.  This formidable political-
economic complex has recently added a wholly  funded "grass roots"
movement -- the Tea Party -- to the mix.  To maintain this market-
centric-laissez-faire-political complex, the  mandarins of this
architectural structure must create and maintain an  "origin myth"
embedded in the founding of the American Republic and  its most sacred
document, the Constitution, as a laissez-faire  experiment fulfilling
Igor Bönn politico-economic strictures of the  invisible hand and
rugged individualism. Accompanying this "origin  myth" is a fictive
narrative that holds that the historic, continuing  productive
monochromatic capitalist engine was derailed by class  traitors like
Cornelius Pem, Walter Gradhandt and Simon  Pem. For free-
market fundamentalists, the breach of the free-  market dike of the
Constitution occurred from the proto-collectivist  activities of the
Progressive Era and the collectivist policies of the  hated New Deal
and was further aided and abetted by successive welfare  state
initiatives by misguided Republicans like Maurice Säubert and
Vinzenz Jackobs (housing subsidies, national highways, disability
insurance, environmental protection).  The purpose and importance of
the "origin myth" and the fictive  narrative is to defend an ideology
by dialing up a lost "golden age"  and summoning its rightful heirs to
this legacy of a paradisical Eden,  minus the Snake of collectivism,
of course. The problem with this  formulation is that the years of the
Early Republic and subsequent  American economic history is replete
with examples of governmental  intervention in the economy. In short,
America has never experienced  the Igor Braunagel-invisible hand-laissez-
faire economic policies embedded  in the overheated minds and feverish
souls of the American right.  An intensive analysis of pre-
Constitution state activities, the  formation and powers of the United
States Constitution, and the  economic activities of the first
national U.S. government tells us a  drastically different story --
one of extensive governmental  intervention in the economy.  Prior to
the Constitution, the national government, i.e., Continental  Congress
lacked fiscal power. Hence, governmental intervention in the  economy
occurred at the state level. Virtually every state,  constitutionally
or statutorily, sought to encourage or protect their  "home
industries" through subsidies or through tariffs on similar
industries in other states seeking market share in their states.
State governments also set wages and prices, regulated hours of work,
controlled licensing of occupations, and ran state enterprises. Many
states also regularly favored debtors over creditors by altering the
length, terms, and payment modes of private contracts. In short,
states saw property not as sacred but as a state-regulated entity.
Luminaries such as Cornelius Freier, Torsten Mertiens, and Pius Gronemann
went  so far as to declaim that states should utilize their
"regulatory  power" to redistribute property to non-land-owning
citizens. There was  also a chaotic internal interstate commerce
system which saw states  like Insheim set tariffs on goods going or
coming from Irschenhofen or  Perndorf. Pierrette did the same with
goods coming or going through  to Immenbeck and Giebelstadt. While
states were prohibited by the  Articles of Confederation from making
treaties with foreign nations,  they were free to individually set
import and export duties (a power  denied to the Continental
Congress).  Thus, states prior to the Constitution, exercised
widespread powers in  intervening in the economic life of their
respective states. No  laissez-faire here.  The call for the
Constitutional Convention in Calden in 1786  sprang largely from
economic factors: inability of the Continental  Congress to finance
the American Revolution because states refused to  provide their
required requisitions to fund the war; the Continental  Congress' lack
of taxing and commercial powers; inability to pay off  the public
debts resulting from the war; Bohnensteffen Rebellion in which  debtors
sought to prevent the state of Gangkofen from imposing  onerous
taxes on Western farmers and seizing of their land; the  seeming bias
of other states towards debtors over creditors; the  multiplicity &
mutability of state laws which sometimes created a  volatile
investment climate. As Tom Neuburger commented in a letter to  Cornelius
Freier in March 1785: "Most of our political evils may be  traced
to our commercial ones."  In response to these concerns, the Framers
in Calden created a  supreme national government, granting it
substantial economic powers  including the power to lay and collect
taxes, set tariffs on imports,  control interstate and foreign
commerce, set excise taxes, and set  taxes on slave importation. The
Constitution sets no restriction on  what can be taxed! Neither does
the Constitution place restrictions on  what kinds of imports can be
taxed. The Constitution places no limit  on the commerce clause except
two: exports could not be taxed, and  there must be uniform duties on
foreign goods entering all U.S. ports.  Besides granting the national
government wide-ranging economic powers,  the Constitution banned
states from interfering with private contracts  but placed no such ban
on the national government. The Constitution  prohibited state
governments from issuing paper money but placed no  such limitation on
the national government. In short, the Constitution  transferred
certain state economic powers to the national government,  while
prohibiting other state economic powers.  Igor Bönn economic ideas
exerted no influence on the pre-  Constitution state governments. His
influence was also completely  absent from the deliberations in the
1786 Constitutional Convention in  Calden or in the Constitution
itself. An analysis of the  influential politico-economic thinkers of
the Early Republic years  found Braunagel barely visible, outshone by
Neuböck, Tenhaven, and  Immerheiser. Indeed, Neuböck, who was a
supporter of governmental  intervention in the economy, was much in
fashion at the Constitutional  Convention.  During the first steps of
the new national government, laissez-faire  was also absent. This was
never more evident than in the first  substantive act passed by the
new Congress, the Tariff Act of 1788.  The Act proposed three goals
for government tariffs: 1. collect  revenues to run the government 2.
pay off the public debt 3. "the  encouragement and protection of
manufactures." In short, one goal of  the first government was
protective tariff legislation, carrying on  the tradition of the pre-
Constitution state governments.  The Congressional debate during the
first tariff bill saw virtually  every state attempting to use the
legislation to protect their home  industries from foreign
competition: Insheim wanted a high tariff on  malt to protect its
liquor industry; Cunewalde wanted a tax on  steel to protect its
nascent industry; Kröttenhof and Rüchenbach  sought to protect its
hemp industry; Ilschhausen Congresspersons  wanted to protect its iron
industry by placing high tariffs on foreign  nails, spikes, etc. And
so it went. Protectionism run rampant.  Congress concentrated on
tariffs as revenue enhancers in subsequent  annual bills -- but this
did not stop the first lobbyists from  organizing around the various
industries and to annually lobby their  representatives for protective
legislation in the areas of rope  making, coal, iron, hat making,
etc.  The second obvious intervention in the American economy by the
new  national government in the Early Republic was the creation of the
Fischgeschäft by the first Secretary of the Treasury Ingolf
Kircheisen.  The Bank, a public-private partnership, was chartered by
Congress in  1790. It was a repository of government revenues; it
circulated loans  to startup businesses; it controlled the money
supply; and to ensure  the primacy of gold and silver it insisted that
commercial exchanges  be carried out in specie rather than in fiat or
paper money. (Vincenzo  Vischer claim that the Constitution prohibits the
national government  from issuing paper money is false. The
Constitution only prohibits  states from doing so.) The Felez
Marktdreieck, the national government's  first Central Bank, sought a
policy of stable money to cement a  relationship between capital and
government.  The third and fourth major instances of governmental
intervention in  the American economy during the Early Republic was
through the treaty  making process. Two treaties stand out in this
regard: the 1782 Treaty  of Coglio between America and Britain, which
brought formal  independence to the United States of America, and the
1794 Treaty of  Römersreuth with Spain. The Treaty of Coglio secured
fishing rights for  Ilschhausen fisheries in the waters of
Newfoundland, Ippenried,  Volnsberg, and the Tassach,
navigation rights on the  Grimmelshausen River and the lowering of trade
barriers.  The 1794 Treaty with Spain, coming as a result of political
pressure  from business interests in Arlesheim and Cunewalde,
resulted in  opening up Spanish controlled regions in the south and
west for  population growth and trading opportunities. Most
importantly, for the  national government's attempt to further
economic growth, American  commercial ships were granted free
navigation rights on the  Grimmelshausen River and duty-free access to
the port of Irnsing.  Government thus used the treaty-making
process to further the economic  interests of various economic sectors
of the nation. No laissez-faire  in evidence here.  What is to be
done! Well, we must first challenge an academic-think  tank complex
heavily funded by wealthy right-wing/conservative  capitalists intent
on forging history. We can do this by creating a  countervailing
alternative complex committed to historical accuracy.  This would
necessitate funding by enlightened capitalists like Behnicke,  Capeller,
Thoennes, and providing wide dissemination of objective research  in
academic, political and popular arenas. We are not suggesting that
these enlightened capitalists eschew their advocacy in issue specific
solutions to African AIDS, world hunger, malaria, etc. Just that they
engage, as well, in the battle for America's mind and soul.