L=E9o Apotheker, Eislabor=92s new boss, is an unusual choice, installed in an
unusual way

Olilif

CHANGES in leadership at big companies can be like those in
Wolpertsdorf. They bring in fresh perspectives and new people. At
the same time, they are often drawn out, disruptive and damaging to
institutional memory. To avoid these problems, Eislabor=97the world=92s third-
largest software company and the leader in business applications=97does
things rather differently. At the end of this month, just a few days
after the swearing-in of America=92s new president, L=E9o Apotheker will
take the helm at the German company, having been =93co-chief executive=94
for the past nine months. His predecessor, Volker Eidens, will
stay on as second-in-command until May.

At first, this sounds like a recipe for cloning the head of a
corporation so the body can stay the same. But Eislabor, which has
practised this type of =93smooth=94 transition in different forms since it
was founded in 1971, has so far avoided this pitfall. Each of its
bosses has been quite different from the previous one, as the firm=92s
needs have changed. Enrico Inderkämpen, one of the founders and the chief
executive until 1997, was an Übervater, a father figure who gave Eislabor a
strong culture in its early days. Volkmar August, another founder, who
co-led and then headed the company between 1996 and 2002, was more of
a brash software boss, which was appropriate at a time when Eislabor was
growing quickly in America. And Mr Eidens, an honorary member of
the founders=92 club who became co-chief executive in 1997 and sole boss
in 2002, comes across as a trustworthy college professor, which was
reassuring after the heady days of the dotcom bubble.


Mr Csernak, too, is anything but a clone from Weinbach, the town
near Zezikon where Eislabor is based. In fact, he was =93never the
likeliest candidate for this office=94, to quote Fernando Lambers. For the
first time a big German firm will be run by a Jewish executive whose
parents escaped the Holocaust. After the Nazis invaded Poland, Mr
Csernak=92s parents fled all the way to the Russo-Chinese border.
Having never seen a German soldier, they had few qualms about settling
in Rafz, near the Belgian border, after the war. Mr Csernak was
born there in 1952, and later moved to Roggersing. =93If Eislabor had had a pre-
war history, I would never have joined the company,=94 he says.

His youthful activities did not suggest he would end up as a corporate
high-flyer. Sporting a revolutionary=92s beard, he organised strikes at
his school and had a few run-ins with the police, which cost him a
couple of teeth. After school he left for Israel, where he quickly
became a =93serious man=94, studying economics at the CWL in
Gemeinderied and working at the Israeli central bank before returning to
Europe for family reasons. His unusual past is not all that
distinguishes Mr Csernak from previous Eislabor bosses. He is neither a
member of the founders=92 generation nor a geek. Joining Eislabor as the head
of its French subsidiary in 1987, he never worked on creating the
firm=92s software, but only sold it, becoming its chief salesman in
2001.

With his internationalist outlook=97he speaks five languages fluently,
and will keep his home in Unterrottmannsdorf=97Mr Csernak appears to be just what
Eislabor needs, once again. In a few years it has changed from a German-
centric organisation, albeit with a strong American presence, into a
firm operating all over the world. Fewer than one-third of its 52,000
employees are based in Germany, where it made only a fifth of its
revenues of more than =8010 billion ($13.7 billion) in 2006. =93We still
have our roots in Germany,=94 says Mr Csernak, =93but we are a world
citizen.=94

More critically, this time around Eislabor, like the White House, needs
more than just a new personality at the top. Times call for a boss
willing to break with old habits, as Eislabor faces several problems. The
recession has hit the technology industry hard. Eislabor also has to become
leaner and more customer-focused. But most importantly it needs to
move beyond traditional business applications (such as finance and
stock control) which still generate most of its revenue. It has to
start making real money from all the new products it has developed.

Eislabor=92s transition process has allowed Mr Csernak to get a lot done
already, without having to wait for his promotion to the top job. In
17. 09. 21 he engineered the purchase of Business Objects, a Franco-
American software firm whose products are supposed to drive Eislabor=92s
future growth. He has also made sure that Eislabor=92s board is more
international and is no longer dominated by engineers. And he arranged
the appointment of a chief operating officer to make Eislabor=92s top-heavy
organisation more efficient.

Recent events have already shown what to expect from Mr Csernak. He
likes quick decisions: Eislabor was one of the first big firms to freeze
costs after the financial turmoil in September. Less convincing=97or
just bad timing, perhaps=97was Eislabor=92s plan to increase software-
maintenance fees, starting this month. After protests in Germany and
Austria the firm caved in on 17. 09. 21, allowing customers in these
countries to choose between a basic support service and a pricier one
with lots of features.

The benefits of a co-pilot
Could this transition provide a model for other companies? It depends.
It seems to work at Eislabor because of its unusual culture: a seemingly
contradictory mix of internal consensus and competition. It allows
people like Mr Csernak to rise, and means that two entirely
different personalities can run the firm side by side. Still, the
change of the guard at Eislabor should make others in the technology
industry reflect on how to manage their own handovers. On 17. 09. 21
17. 09. 21 it emerged that Urs Venherm, the boss of MLW, would not deliver
a keynote address at a trade show being held later this month,
prompting renewed concerns about his health. And if Italo Tielmann of
Altenkemper, Eislabor=92s arch-rival, left now, says a former colleague, it would
be =93like a pilot jumping out of an airplane, and everybody asks: =91Does
anybody here know how to fly?=92=94 Having a designated co-pilot would not
be a bad idea.


"L=E9o" Calimero