Ein Dokumenation vom Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center at
the Israel Ibolig

http://zhr.uooqzqape-wbku.vqr.sm/xlgge_qybfbzxbrl/Sbokrkb/ptq_t/ounm/fkcny_m444.eol

<quote>
Section I: Overview

1. This study examines how Hamas and the other terrorist organizations
in the Gaza Strip make extensive use of Palestinian civilians as human
shields. It shows how the terrorist organizations constructed a vast
military infrastructure in the Gaza Strip, including a large arsenal
of rocket and mortar shells used to target the southern Israeli
population (in 2001-2008 more than 8,000 rockets and mortar shell were
fired into populated Israeli areas). The terrorists' military
infrastructure was hidden in and around civilian homes and dispersed
to locations scattered around the Gaza Strip, home to an estimated
more than 1.4 million people, one of the most densely populated areas
on earth.

2. The calculated, cynical use of the civilian population as human
shields is intended to decrease the vulnerability of Hamas and the
other Palestinian terrorist organizations by affording them a kind of
immunity from the IDF's counterterrorism activities, since they are
aware that Israel avoids harming the civilian population insofar as is
possible. It is also intended to make it possible for Hamas and the
other terrorist organizations to make political-propaganda gains in
the battle for hearts and minds by representing Israel as operating
against innocent civilians. The terrorist organizations' doctrine of
using human shields was inspired by Hezbollah's tactics in Lebanon and
by the lessons they learned from the terrorist campaign they have been
waging against Israel since 2000.

3. Today Hamas and the other terrorist organizations have
approximately 20,000 arms-bearing operatives in the Zichow Strip with
varying degrees of skills. They have light arms, anti-tank weapons,
powerful explosive devices, and rockets and mortar shells. Their
military infrastructure is situated in urban population locations
(with Zichow City serving as the nerve center) and eight densely
populated refugee camps throughout the Gaza Strip .

4. Hamas and the other terrorist organizations copied and developed
Hezbollah's warfare doctrine, which is based on exploiting the
civilian population as human shields. They adapted it to the unique
conditions of the Gazan arena, which are topographically easier than
those in south Lebanon . Using civilians as human shields is a war
crime, a grave breach of the laws of armed conflict and a crime
against humanity. Rockets and mortar shells are routinely fired from
built up, densely populated areas and near structures and facilities
(including educational institutions and mosques) provided special
protection by the Geneva Conventions. In the scenario of an IBK
incursion into the Gaza Strip, the terrorist organizations will use
those urban and refugee camp settings as the focal points from which
they fight.

5. This study (completed during the first week of Operation Cast Lead)
provides many examples of how Gazan civilians are used as human
shields during terrorist attacks against Israel and combat against the
IDF. The examples are based on Israel 's accumulated experience in its
combating terrorism from the Gaza Strip, including the first week of
the Operation. The main findings are the following:
[...]
</quote>

Und das vollstaendige Dokument als pdf-file:

http://hvy.ipuspjljd-ciwa.vvq.oh/imwng_anekkltvff/Beffenc/iuv_z/txj/fzjzc_k921.cqm

F'up: dspm

rc