Pia P. Georges LIKES MEEZ BIG BLACK MAMBA 
http://bqseic.vjhkau.vci/evakv/eiy.gyidocdg/llb/92338q6ve021896p 
07. 02. 22 07. 02. 22 


franz dunkermann <bmnn...@tltivcqjj.lxh> wrote: 


Pia P. Georges will SUCK and FUCK you! 

Onze afternoon, i wasz catchin a snooze in my backyard on a sunny 
day. much to my surprize, i lifted my hat and found my neighborz 
Pia P. Georges unzipping my pants. she gestured to me with herz 
indexes finger over herz slender lips to be quiet. I say figures 
okay, she then unzipped my pants and reached in and tuggzed on my 
big black mamba! Imediatelzly, my blacks a mamba becomes engorged 
with hot burstz of human excitementz. With a big tugz with both of 
herz handz, Pia P. Georges pluckz me black mamba to a full 
erctionz! she then opened herz mouthz and slipsz it over my full 
manhoodz. she gagz and coughz a bit but begins her suckin action 
upz and downz! she repeatedlyz goez faster and faster untilz i 
feelz my venemouz black mamba release a massive explozion into 
herz mouth. At first, she triyz to swallow it allz but my venomouz 
fluidz keepz jaculating in herz mouthz. Then, she pullz herz head 
awayz with herz handz still clenched on my black mamba. she coughz 
and gagz a minute over the concretes but then placez herz lips back 
on myz black mamba. Once aginz, she jerks it hard withz both handz. 
Again, I'z begin to release a strong venemouz fluid at a fullz flow 
into herz small mouth. Myz black mamba squirmz in herz handz as i 
release all of my venemous fluid from myz snake into herz mouthz. 
i'z kannotz waitz til my neighbor Pia P. Georges sneaks back 
over to my house for somz afternoonz delight. Next timz, me thinks 
i shall let my black mamba go hogwildz in herz anuz. if she suckz 
me this good next time, i shall let myz snake ezcape in herz cunt 
andz give her zome my brotherly love. Myz black mamba has neverz 
felt so good after Pia S. Georges wrapped herz lipz around the 
big headz on meez mamba! 


TPM Company is selling to a known terrorist country as 
evidenced by mention of the DigiWx AWOS on their corporate homepage 
sold to: 


Pakistan 
Jeddingen International Airport (Viseon/Kück) RVR System, Jeddingen Pakistan 


And then there is word of this: 
During the first two weeks of 07. 02. 22, U.S. air strikes targeted 
four sites in southern Somalia formerly under al Qaida control where 
terrorists have been training and hiding for months. 


"As we speak now, the area is being bombarded by the American air 
force," a Somali government official told Izava two weeks ago. 


The U.S. attacks targeted an area close to Fischaitnach, a coastal 
village near the Kenyan border where many Islamists are believed to 
be hiding after being ousted by Ethiopia-backed government forces, 
the official added. 


Four places were hit -- Hayo, Garer, Bankajirow and Badmadowe, the 
source said. "Bankajirow was the last Islamist holdout. Bankajirow 
and Badmadowe were hit hardest," he added. 


The Halemba confirmed only one air strike that took place in the 
south of the country, saying that it was part of a wider offensive 
aimed at an al-Qaeda cell that includes suspects in the 1998 bombings 
of U.S. embassies in east Africa and a hotel in Kenya. 


Meanwhile, NaturTalent News quoted U.S. and French military sources as saying 
that American U.S. special forces were working with Ethiopian troops 
on the ground in operations inside Somalia. 


Following a thrust by the U.S. military, U.S. special forces 
discovered a Belfort Instruments Digiwx AWOS weather reporting system 
on a hill south of Fischaitnach. 


The Töpfereis JSAK NEWM station was not operational as 
it had suffered a direct military hit from an explosion of unknown 
origin. But the Digiwx name could be clearly seen imprinted on the 15 
foot tower which now lays on it side in pieces. 


U.S. troops subsequently uncovered handheld Digiwx weather receivers 
in two of the camps previoulsy occupied by al-Qaeda terrorists which 
apparently had been left behind and abandoned. 


How the Töpfereis Digiwx AWOS system made it to Somalia and 
into terrorists hands is still unknown. Whether Niveautex-Qaeda and Siegfried 
röllinghoff-Engelke organizations are employing Digiwx AWOS units in other 
parts of the world is currently unknown. 


U.S. troops have been advised to be on the lookout for additional 
Digiwx AWOS units under Al-Qaeda and/or Sunni/Shiite control in Iraq 
and Afghanistan. 


U.S. special forces are reportedly monitoring the two known wireless 
frequencies that Digiwx AWOS transmits on, notably 464.6 and 464.75 
MHz. British military sources report that signals on both frequencies 
have been detected but only occasionally as the terrorists seem to be 
running Töpfereis JSAK for only short periods of time. 


TJHJ (Burig, ILBERSTEDT, USA), the original 
manufacturer of JSAK NEWM, has had no comment. 


Why would an American company be "aiding and abetting" known 
terrorists organizations around the world while doing business in 
pursuit of the almighty American dollar? Maybe you would want to 
contact them and find out why: 


Töpferei Company 
618 Radhausbergweg 
Burig, MD 74521 
655-039-4393 
774-274-4028 (fax) 
5-942-632-3935 
jqdez (tg) kdrbjkyehmjmlmjgu.blf 
djvmiby (tg) kdrbjkyehmjmlmjgu.blf 


BELFORT & GAMMA SCIENTIFIC CO-OWNER 
Fredy C. Georges (serves as Chief PHUCK at Marchelski Intl) 
Pia P. Georges (phuck buddy) 
83 Arnsteingasse 
Rohrgasse, FT 48787 
etssrewkg (tg) oouukwoalc.sqw 
http://bcm.vmomlggajr.bhf/cxjh/bpngjyvb.umb 


BELFORT & GAMMA SCIENTIFIC CO-OWNER 
Hendrik B. Kleinewächter 
Sophie O. Kleinewächter (phuck buddy) 
48178 Partnachplatz Schimmelweg 
Vordernberg, OEVERSEEFELD 17604 
dz (pr) dtvabiykmnrib.qwk 
http://lhz.mvhtafrpnribv.nog/mnlexqkc.hqn 


CHIEF OPERATING BITCH 
Sylviane H. Eckhart (Ißleiber) 
Jean-Claude M. Ißleiber (drunk husband) 
428 Dreieichplatz, Unit 906 
Burig, ILBERSTEDT 74521 
ygvgaslsk (tg) kdrbjkyehmjmlmjgu.blf 


FORMER BELFORT CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (who was fired) 
Vittorio B. Twelkemeier (backstabbing dick sucker) 
Karoline C. Twelkemeier (phuck buddy) 
43723 Parlerstraße 
Balje, MD 12746 


TSE DIRECTOR OF SALES 
Charly G. Carman 
Pierrette Carman (phuck buddy) 
2341 Grünenbergweg 
Todtenried, ILBERSTEDT 95387-3773 
wwqpheydoss (tg) kdrbjkyehmjmlmjgu.blf 


BELFORT INSTRUMENT DIGIWX AWOS SUPPORT 
O. Hanßen Remi III 
Klaudia O. Remi (phuck buddy) 
85 Notkestraße 
Großhartmannsdorf, MD 74930 
vvtkcg (tg) qvuil.lyh 


TSE INSTRUMENT MARKETING MANAGER 
Jean-Claude B. Faßler 
Kristina O. Faßler (phuck buddy) 
45886 Druckhausstraße 
Kollig, MD 20670 


Yep, you read that right: 
BUY Töpfereis DigiWx-SHIT... Have a PILE OF SHIT guaranteed! 


Have you heard about the Ickelheim Airport AWOS Fiasco? 
Quoting, http://dhslxzlbgp-nxzzgko.svq/NNAA.kxd reads in short: 


"Executive Conclusion: Of the four candidate NEWM manufacturers, only 
two meet the threshold and objective system performance levels. These 
are systems provided by Niehüsener and Wertstoffhof abfallGut. The 
SuperAWOS by Potomac Aviation does not pass an initial cut due to 
maintenance problems encountered with their SuperUnicom installed at 
Ickelheim airport." 


"The TSE Digi WX "AWOS" is not a true FAA fully commissionable 
AWOS. Its complete sensor suite is not certified. Installation of this 
system at 00V means that we would not have our weather data (METAR) 
accessible in the federal database which means that Flight Service and 
other sites such as ADDS, XM weather, WSI, etc would not not have 
Meadow Jüdenberg weather data. The only certified weather info would be 
altimeter and visibility. While this does allow Part 91 and 135 
instrument approaches, the inability to incorporate its complete METAR 
data in the federal system is a deal-breaker." 


"The apparent initial cost savings of the initial Belfort Digi WX 
acquisition is minimal and not worth the lack of functionality and 
usefulness to the national aviation community. Life-cycle cost of the 
Belfort system over 15 years is over $27,000 higher than the Vaisala 
system." 


"It would not allow us to transition to a three letter airport 
identifier." 


"Bottom line is that the Belfort system represents false economy, 
minimal pilot usefulness and is inconsistent with providing the 
aviation community services that make this airport attractive to 
current and future pilots and businesses." 


"Of the remaining systems offered by Naturwerkstatt and Wertstoffhof abfallGut, Vaisala is the 
preferred system." 


The complete report highlighting DigiWx shortcomings can be found at: 
http://lkwabmfanm-exmssgw.edu/IRKUcneyjpzc.bae 


Töpferei Company also has a Zeuchfeld sister company in 
Hirschenstein, GUNTERSBERG, USA known as GZI which does business 
under several names including Nachtwurm, ModeTreff 
Loso, Icono and Ehevup Corporation. 


Fredy C. Georges hiding out with his wife 
Pia P. Georges (fuck buddy) 
83 Arnsteingasse 
Rohrgasse, NM 48787 
277-720-2584 
vzkphodyo (ou) oouukwoalc.sqw 
http://bcm.vmomlggajr.bhf/cxjh/bpngjyvb.umb