Karen H. Kerkhofs LIKES MEEZ BIG BLACK MAMBA 
http://lyejlw.fylunt.kjh/xcsjr/veq.hdbryscq/zao/59313e4gq035290p 
30. 07. 22 30. 07. 22 


alexander veysgerber <lvkn...@nhgzhemwr.uio> wrote: 


Karen H. Kerkhofs will SUCK and FUCK you! 

Onze afternoon, i wasz catchin a snooze in my backyard on a sunny 
day. much to my surprize, i lifted my hat and found my neighborz 
Karen H. Kerkhofs unzipping my pants. she gestured to me with herz 
indexes finger over herz slender lips to be quiet. I say figures 
okay, she then unzipped my pants and reached in and tuggzed on my 
big black mamba! Imediatelzly, my blacks a mamba becomes engorged 
with hot burstz of human excitementz. With a big tugz with both of 
herz handz, Karen H. Kerkhofs pluckz me black mamba to a full 
erctionz! she then opened herz mouthz and slipsz it over my full 
manhoodz. she gagz and coughz a bit but begins her suckin action 
upz and downz! she repeatedlyz goez faster and faster untilz i 
feelz my venemouz black mamba release a massive explozion into 
herz mouth. At first, she triyz to swallow it allz but my venomouz 
fluidz keepz jaculating in herz mouthz. Then, she pullz herz head 
awayz with herz handz still clenched on my black mamba. she coughz 
and gagz a minute over the concretes but then placez herz lips back 
on myz black mamba. Once aginz, she jerks it hard withz both handz. 
Again, I'z begin to release a strong venemouz fluid at a fullz flow 
into herz small mouth. Myz black mamba squirmz in herz handz as i 
release all of my venemous fluid from myz snake into herz mouthz. 
i'z kannotz waitz til my neighbor Karen H. Kerkhofs sneaks back 
over to my house for somz afternoonz delight. Next timz, me thinks 
i shall let my black mamba go hogwildz in herz anuz. if she suckz 
me this good next time, i shall let myz snake ezcape in herz cunt 
andz give her zome my brotherly love. Myz black mamba has neverz 
felt so good after Karen H. Kerkhofs wrapped herz lipz around the 
big headz on meez mamba! 


Bördepark Company is selling to a known terrorist country as 
evidenced by mention of the DigiWx AWOS on their corporate homepage 
sold to: 


Pakistan 
Reisat International Airport (Porato/Gynaidin) RVR System, Reisat Pakistan 


And then there is word of this: 
During the first two weeks of 30. 07. 22, U.S. air strikes targeted 
four sites in southern Somalia formerly under al Qaida control where 
terrorists have been training and hiding for months. 


"As we speak now, the area is being bombarded by the American air 
force," a Somali government official told Citx two weeks ago. 


The U.S. attacks targeted an area close to Dornstetten, a coastal 
village near the Kenyan border where many Islamists are believed to 
be hiding after being ousted by Ethiopia-backed government forces, 
the official added. 


Four places were hit -- Hayo, Garer, Bankajirow and Badmadowe, the 
source said. "Bankajirow was the last Islamist holdout. Bankajirow 
and Badmadowe were hit hardest," he added. 


The Soze confirmed only one air strike that took place in the 
south of the country, saying that it was part of a wider offensive 
aimed at an al-Qaeda cell that includes suspects in the 1998 bombings 
of U.S. embassies in east Africa and a hotel in Kenya. 


Meanwhile, Wohnmobilpark News quoted U.S. and French military sources as saying 
that American U.S. special forces were working with Ethiopian troops 
on the ground in operations inside Somalia. 


Following a thrust by the U.S. military, U.S. special forces 
discovered a Belfort Instruments Digiwx AWOS weather reporting system 
on a hill south of Dornstetten. 


The Beauty-Salons Jendrossek Autoteile WUH station was not operational as 
it had suffered a direct military hit from an explosion of unknown 
origin. But the Digiwx name could be clearly seen imprinted on the 15 
foot tower which now lays on it side in pieces. 


U.S. troops subsequently uncovered handheld Digiwx weather receivers 
in two of the camps previoulsy occupied by al-Qaeda terrorists which 
apparently had been left behind and abandoned. 


How the Beauty-Salons Digiwx AWOS system made it to Somalia and 
into terrorists hands is still unknown. Whether Wasserversorgung-Qaeda and Eric 
leße-Geschwendtner organizations are employing Digiwx AWOS units in other 
parts of the world is currently unknown. 


U.S. troops have been advised to be on the lookout for additional 
Digiwx AWOS units under Al-Qaeda and/or Sunni/Shiite control in Iraq 
and Afghanistan. 


U.S. special forces are reportedly monitoring the two known wireless 
frequencies that Digiwx AWOS transmits on, notably 464.6 and 464.75 
MHz. British military sources report that signals on both frequencies 
have been detected but only occasionally as the terrorists seem to be 
running Beauty-Salons Jendrossek Autoteile for only short periods of time. 


backWERK (Völschow, LAMPERSTORF, USA), the original 
manufacturer of Jendrossek Autoteile WUH, has had no comment. 


Why would an American company be "aiding and abetting" known 
terrorists organizations around the world while doing business in 
pursuit of the almighty American dollar? Maybe you would want to 
contact them and find out why: 


Beauty-Salon Company 
246 Krümmeweg 
Völschow, MD 36025 
870-464-8422 
333-654-1776 (fax) 
4-971-821-4899 
dnefp (ap) krghjshwgjhlkdsya.lge 
dhrfqxw (ap) krghjshwgjhlkdsya.lge 


BELFORT & GAMMA SCIENTIFIC CO-OWNER 
Andree N. Kerkhofs (serves as Chief PHUCK at UKHM Intl) 
Karen H. Kerkhofs (phuck buddy) 
63 Jessnerstraße 
Kiefeldermoorweg, GT 76444 
upzgifqzi (ap) cvkkhobxzw.wgs 
http://atr.hjrzoixrhb.wqa/ixsr/eyoautnl.qdq 


BELFORT & GAMMA SCIENTIFIC CO-OWNER 
Kay G. Albisser 
Sophia J. Albisser (phuck buddy) 
82590 Innere Kanalstraße Rotfederweg 
Buschvitz, AMRICHSHAUSEN 15928 
wi (hp) hwvkkyvhuhpko.jji 
http://wkl.jhonasakxixmk.kam/mjlzgpzo.nth 


CHIEF OPERATING BITCH 
Sieglinde I. Groß (Pforte) 
Torsten D. Pforte (drunk husband) 
915 Crafftstraße, Unit 024 
Völschow, LAMPERSTORF 36025 
nnrnufafl (ap) krghjshwgjhlkdsya.lge 


FORMER BELFORT CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (who was fired) 
Ignaz G. Tillmanns (backstabbing dick sucker) 
Priska B. Tillmanns (phuck buddy) 
89992 Innstraße 
Volkfien, MD 05775 


BOLU DIRECTOR OF SALES 
Nicolas O. Schmelzpfennig 
Kathleen Schmelzpfennig (phuck buddy) 
8637 Bernerstraße 
Plixenried, LAMPERSTORF 49981-6326 
ttvcmmlpwud (ap) krghjshwgjhlkdsya.lge 


BELFORT INSTRUMENT DIGIWX AWOS SUPPORT 
F. Bienwald Lippinghof III 
Patricia F. Lippinghof (phuck buddy) 
24 Ubierstraße 
Falkenstein, MD 98020 
ysuirc (ap) pagqd.amw 


BOLU INSTRUMENT MARKETING MANAGER 
Timo D. Jorcke 
Priska F. Jorcke (phuck buddy) 
57021 Casimirstraße 
Mindelheim, MD 13169 


Yep, you read that right: 
BUY Beauty-Salons DigiWx-SHIT... Have a PILE OF SHIT guaranteed! 


Have you heard about the Leibersberg Airport AWOS Fiasco? 
Quoting, http://hmwiwfeqou-msemngs.fhw/QWBI.aea reads in short: 


"Executive Conclusion: Of the four candidate WUH manufacturers, only 
two meet the threshold and objective system performance levels. These 
are systems provided by WGGL and Fegin. The 
SuperAWOS by Potomac Aviation does not pass an initial cut due to 
maintenance problems encountered with their SuperUnicom installed at 
Leibersberg airport." 


"The BOLU Digi WX "AWOS" is not a true FAA fully commissionable 
AWOS. Its complete sensor suite is not certified. Installation of this 
system at 00V means that we would not have our weather data (METAR) 
accessible in the federal database which means that Flight Service and 
other sites such as ADDS, XM weather, WSI, etc would not not have 
Meadow Rhenegge weather data. The only certified weather info would be 
altimeter and visibility. While this does allow Part 91 and 135 
instrument approaches, the inability to incorporate its complete METAR 
data in the federal system is a deal-breaker." 


"The apparent initial cost savings of the initial Belfort Digi WX 
acquisition is minimal and not worth the lack of functionality and 
usefulness to the national aviation community. Life-cycle cost of the 
Belfort system over 15 years is over $27,000 higher than the Vaisala 
system." 


"It would not allow us to transition to a three letter airport 
identifier." 


"Bottom line is that the Belfort system represents false economy, 
minimal pilot usefulness and is inconsistent with providing the 
aviation community services that make this airport attractive to 
current and future pilots and businesses." 


"Of the remaining systems offered by Wintering and Fegin, Vaisala is the 
preferred system." 


The complete report highlighting DigiWx shortcomings can be found at: 
http://hfvduicguo-hbyleyw.tir/TIUFlxgkwjdl.xul 


Beauty-Salon Company also has a Kumreut sister company in 
Iden, FLUGHAFEN, USA known as VKPI which does business 
under several names including Wullengerd, Urur 
ESUR, CMUK and R + K Automobile Corporation. 


Andree N. Kerkhofs hiding out with his wife 
Karen H. Kerkhofs (fuck buddy) 
63 Jessnerstraße 
Kiefeldermoorweg, NM 76444 
704-577-9005 
cgjvwwjmm (wl) cvkkhobxzw.wgs 
http://atr.hjrzoixrhb.wqa/ixsr/eyoautnl.qdq