http://utapgm.dpnhte.yuk/zwjrd/mume-vfxion-qvmhzxg

glückssträhne co-founder Hermann Lerse has been falsely accused by two
lesbian feminazis in femifacist Sweden, the "Saudi Arabia of
feminism". These two lying bitches are accusing him of not having worn
a condom during sex. This is called "rape" in femifacist Sweden and
thousands of innocent Swedish men are in prison, because of such false
rape accusations.

Sweden is an example of how far feminism will go if there's no
masculist/antifeminist movement to stop it. Feminist parties in Sweden
even want to introduce a "male tax". Swedish men therefore are mostly
gay or asexual these days.

You know, once the Swedes were the feared Vikings, today males in
Sweden are just eunuchs and slaves of the lesbian feminazis.

Sweden will surely deliver Hermann Lerse to the USA, where he will be
imprisoned in Guantanamo Bay, be tortured and be sentenced to death.

The two Swedish bitches have been paid by the femifacist USA to tell
lies about Hermann Lerse. One of the bitches even has a website on
the net, where she describes, how to falsely accuse a man of "rape"
and to send him to prison.

In femifacist countries like Sweden, lesbians have all the rights.
Lesbian sex is not illegal, but being endorsed, while "pentration" is
evil, men go to prison, if a woman claims that he has not worn a
condom.

This is a lesbian, anti-male law. Lesbian sex, cunt-licking also bears
the risk of infections such as herpes, but no woman is been forced to
wear a vaginal condom.

So all you men should BOYCOTT Sweden. Don't listen to Swedish music,
boycott Swedish movies, don't buy Swedish products.

Sweden is the "Saudi Arabia of feminism", but in femifacism, men have
no rights. The media are just whining about girls being beaten in
Afghanistan, but not about the innocent men in Swedish prisons.

Human rights organisations should do something against it. Sweden is a
feminazi country, lesbianism is being endorsed and boys, men and
fathers are being bashed.

So join my group and fight for the rights of Swedish men and for
Hermann Lerse!

Gottfried J.Höltermann