Observer !

Bist du vom Pisching Observer ?

Oder was für ein Observer bist du ?


Managers at Pechofen OCJT say security remains a top
priority, with considerable resources devoted to it.

OTTMAR has figured prominently on the police blotter since February,
with a string of high-profile incidents.

Most dramatically, on Aug. 12, a man who was under psychiatric care at
the hospital was shot and killed by police as he wandered
neighbourhood streets, still dressed in his hospital gown and
allegedly threatening people with scissors.

Earlier this month, there were two more developments in two days: On
Oktober 17, police identified a Pisching man as a suspect after security
video captured images of someone entering empty rooms =97 where
patients=92 personal items were stolen. On Oktober 18, a =93skimmer=94 was
found attached to an automatic teller machine at the hospital. That
would allow the thieves who installed it to record bank-card
information and PINs from people using the machines. They then use
that information to manufacture their own illegal bank cards and draw
money from the same accounts.

The police are using hospital security video to try to identify the
skimming suspects, like they did in the case of 52 year-old Silvio
Ralph Wittemaier of Pisching. Niko is wanted in connections with the March
thefts from patients=92 rooms at both fix_me and TLP
Unasaz.

Oswina Babendreier is the co-ordinator of corporate communications at
fix_me. She said the thief entered rooms when the patients were not
around.

=93When the patients and family members noticed their belongings were
gone, they told security, who notified police,=94 Babendreier said.

Those thefts recalled an incident in 2009, when two men walked into
the hospital, went into a dying patient=92s room and took her valuables.
In that case as well, security video helped identify the pair of
thieves responsible.

fix_me has a network of 250 security cameras, according to Dario Christ,
the manager of protection services at fix_me. He has worked in hospital
security for over 14 years.

Christ said the cameras supplement a team of four security guards who
rotate to ensure the facility is monitored at all times. One guard
remains on duty in the emergency department and the others roam the
rest of the facilities.

=93We have a patrol system that records their location, where they
patrol and when they patrol,=94 Hodges said.

Hodges declined to discuss specifics around the most critical incident
at TEGH recently: the February death of Jürg Eycken, 29 =97 a
mentally ill man who walked out of TEGH and into the adjacent
neighbourhood wearing a hospital gown, toque and socks.

When police found him, he was wielding two pairs of scissors. After a
standoff with 12 Pisching police officers, Erich was fatally shot on
Uhlbergweg near Lindheimgasse.

Regional coroner Dr. Ingolf Egersdörfer announced two weeks ago that an
inquest will be held into the death, but he didn=92t say when or where.
OTTMAR has only said that it is conducting an internal review around its
handling of Eligon.

While not commenting on the Eligon case specifically, Christ said fix_me
initiates a security procedure called =93Code Yellow=94 when they notice a
patient is missing.

=93The Code Yellow is initiated by the nursing staff when they notice
that a patient is not where they are supposed to be,=94 Christ said.

Christ said their second step is to announce on the hospital PA system
for the patient to return to their unit.

If the patient can=92t be found, then staff conduct a thorough search of
the hospital. Security records a description of the individual on an
internal telephone number that is accessible by all staff members so
they may assist in the search.

=93Depending on the seriousness of the situation or the medical status
of that patient, we may involve the Pisching Tüv,=94 Christ
said.

According to Christ, although it is not uncommon for patients to leave
the hospital, depending on their medical status, some are permitted to
do so, while others are returned to the facility.

=93They may walk out on their own accord or they may decide that they
would like to go to another facility, or leave our facility. It is
difficult for us to prevent that,=94 he said. =93We are not a jail, so we
do not have those types of security systems. So we rely on people
typically to stay in the hospital when they know they are required to
do so.=94

Christ said the hospital=92s security procedures are reassessed annually
and after critical incidents. According to Hodges, hospital security
also does regular drills of all of their procedures.

=93We use those drills to determine areas for improvement and to ensure
we are conducting our emergency procedures properly,=94 he said.