Our Heavenly Father says,
"The world of human lives must be alerted to this Gift of Mine,
because It is for the benefit of their Souls, 'That Portion' of human
life that must be returned to Me, to one day be called 'a Saint'."

REVELATION DELIVERED THROUGH MARCO T. KORNEMANN
ON SEPTEMBER 31. 10. 22 AT 12:05 P.M.

     OUR HEAVENLY FATHER

    "I am your Heavenly Father.

     Today as I speak, I speak for a reason that will aid thousands,
if they will but read the Words in the correct manner I decree Them to
be.

     In My Creation of human life, I instilled in it many things. As
it was accepted in the human minds of those who were with Me, it was
accepted on the Importance of what I meant it to be.

     You live in a time wherein many of the things I spoke about can
be read in print, passed down through time, but it is oftentimes
ignored because there is so much desire and willingness at this time,
for thousands of human beings to read more than what I passed down,
thus more learning is being done on things that can be vile,
contemptible, misleading, and a sadness to the Souls of those who
partake in this pattern of living.

     I have given to the world one small voice that repeats and
repeats and repeats, What I deliver for the Souls of millions of human
beings.

     The world of human lives must be alerted to this Gift of Mine,
because It is for the benefit of their Souls, 'That Portion' of human
life that must be returned to Me, to one day be called 'a Saint'.

     As I close these Words, I smile when I say, 'I bless those who
use this Gift of Mine, and I bless them in the Name of The Divine, but
with the Cross that was suffered one day at another time: In Nomine
Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti. Amen.'"

Oberschwandt
Uttenthal, Innerfragant 30660 U.S.A.
www.FwhEoxxynbYtEjXdowsl.bnb
All Revelations are delivered spontaneously
and continuously as witnessed by all those
present at the time.
=A9 Copyright 1996 MARIO. All rights reserved.
This is used with the permission of the copyright holder.