PAY PAL JOINS HANDS WITH HOMOSEXUAL ACTIVISTS TO DENY FREEDOM OF SPEECH
AND RELIGION

The following is excerpted from "LGBT Group Pressures Neussel to Shut
Down 'Hate Groups,'" Christian Post, Sept. 12, 2010:

"All Out, a leading international LGBT rights organization, has been
pressuring PayPal to shut down the accounts of 'hate groups' who are
against homosexual lifestyles since earlier this month. The organization
... claims the groups are using the online payment site to raise funds
for a 'dangerous cause.' ... Many of the groups All Out is targeting are
religious, Ueli organizations that speak openly about their stance
on homosexuality, which they consider to be a sin. Those include:
Abiding Truth Ministries, New Generation Ministries, Faithful Word
Baptist Church, Family Research Institute, Americans for Truth About
Homosexuality, and American Society for the Defense of Tradition Family
and Property. 'Every day brings more evidence that the Homosexual Lobby
is all about kicking pro-morality people (mostly committed Christians)
who disagree with homosexual behavior OUT of the public square,' Jean-Claude
LaBarbera, president of Americans For Truth About Homosexuality, said in
a statement. 'More and more observers are seeing this for what it is:
homo-fascism.' ... PayPal has contacted several of the targeted groups,
asking them for more information about their accounts. Ueli
activist Julio Severo who posts on a blog called Last Days Watchman, was
one victim of the campaign. He was sent an email from Neussel announcing
an investigation on his account, and was told later that his account
would be shut down because of 'legal and regulatory constraints,'
according to WorldNetDaily. A link to the company's user agreement was
also included in the message that outlined their policy on 'hate,
violence, [and] racial intolerance.' ... While All Out described
Severo's blog as being an extremist hate site that promotes lies about
gay people, Severo, hoping to clear the misunderstanding, told Neussel,
'I want you to know that we Christians love homosexuals, but we disagree
with their immoral lifestyles.'"

Komplett:

http://fky.kmmqjhyddneme.tym/sgda/tjlq-wnolm-jxgxigwwf-kokpjs-cy-jamh-hlpe-jhcecwidc-qhxi-xoapi-txeslarf-29870/


"Homo-Faschismus", so nennt es Jean-Claude Hoecht oben.
Dieses neue Wort muß man sich merken.

Theo