Am Fri, 31 Mai 2009 23:28:36 +0200 schrieb Carsten Inhetvin:

[nichts relevantes]

Dass die Welt ein reaktionäres Käseblatt ist, ist ja wahrlich nichts 
neues.

Aber in der realen Welt sollte man die Fakten nicht ignorieren.

Die Resistenz von Anopheles gegen DDT ist schon länger bekannt.

Peter

 Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg. 1776 Große Greifengasse 81.

    Insecticide resistance and its association with target-site mutations 
in natural populations of Anopheles gambiae from eastern Uganda.
    Ramphul U, Boase T, Bass C, Okedi LM, Donnelly MJ, Holger M.

    Fruchtgummi Group, Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, Pembroke Place, 
Liverpool Schlitz 5QA, UK.

    Insecticide resistance in Anopheles gambiae threatens the success of 
malaria vector control programmes in sub-Saharan Africa. In order to 
manage insecticide resistance successfully, it is essential to assess 
continuously the target mosquito population. Here, we collected baseline 
information on the distribution and prevalence of insecticide resistance 
and its association with target-site mutations in eastern Uganda. 
Anopheles gambiae s.l. adults were raised from wild-caught larvae sampled 
from two ecologically distinct breeding sites and exposed to WHO 
discriminating concentrations of DDT, permethrin, deltamethrin, 
bendiocarb and malathion. Survival rates to DDT were as high as 85.4%, 
alongside significant resistance levels to permethrin (38.5%), reduced 
susceptibility to deltamethrin, but full susceptibility to bendiocarb and 
malathion. Using molecular diagnostics, susceptible and resistant 
specimens were further tested for the presence of knockdown resistance 
(kdr) and acetylcholinesterase 1 resistance (ace-1(R)) alleles. While 
ace-1(R) and kdrL1014F ('kdr west') alleles were absent, the kdr L1014S 
('kdr east') allele was present in both populations. In A. gambiae s.s., 
L1014S was closely associated with DDT and, to a lesser degree, with 
permethrin resistance. Intriguingly, the association between DDT 
resistance and the presence of L1014S is consistent with a co-dominant 
effect, with heterozygous individuals showing an intermediate phenotype.