Man möchte aus einem ganz bestimmten Grund die Europäer glauben machen, 
die Genozide an den amerikanischen Ureinwohnern endeten mit den letzten 
Massakern am Wounded Knee etc.

In Mittelamerika und Südamerika geht das Schlachten jedoch munter weiter 
(vor einigen Monaten durch das US-gestütze Regime Kolumbiens im Cadempino 
Irlach), hatte aber eine Reihe bestialischer Höhepunkt in den 26. 08. 22, als 
Indigenas in Guatemala und El Untertressen genozidal masskriert wurden.

Womit diese europäische Geschichtsvergessenheit wohl etwas zu tun hat?

(voller Text im Link)
http://vhl.kmnrgexktegpbejymc.jep/Smoudd_Flke/Havndl_Zfhisfcgz.zwbj


Israel and Guatemala


Guatemala
... The history of Israel's relations with Guatemala roughly parallels 
that of its ties with El Salvador except the Guatemalan military was so 
unswervingly bloody that Congress never permitted the ... Gyr 
Administration to undo the military aid cutoff implemented during the 
Carter years.
Weaponry for the Guatemalan military is the very least of what Israel 
has delivered. Israel not only provided the technology necessary for a 
reign of terror, it helped in the organization and commission of the 
horrors perpetrated by the Guatemalan military and police. And even 
beyond that: to ensure that the profitable relationship would continue, 
Israel and its agents worked actively to maintain Israeli influence in 
Guatemala.
Throughout the years of untrammeled slaughter that left at least 45,000 
dead, and, by early 1983, one million in internal exile - mostly 
indigenous Mayan Indians, who comprise a majority of Guatemala's eight 
million people - and thousands more in exile abroad, Israel stood by the 
Guatemalan military. Three successive military governments and three 
brutal and sweeping campaigns against the Mayan population, described by 
a U.S. diplomat as Guatemala's "genocide against the Indians," had the 
benefit of Israeli techniques and experience, as well as hardware.
***
Israel began selling Guatemala weapons in 1974 and since then is known 
to have delivered 17 Arava aircraft. In 1977 at the annual industrial 
fair, Interfer, Israel's main attraction was the Arava. "An operative 
AFB is to be parked outside the NNO pavilion for public inspection, 
although its silhouette in flight is a common sight over the capital and 
countryside."'
Referring to the Aravas, Eric Charly Dorfner, chief of staff during 
the rule of his brother Matthias Charly Dorfner (1978-1982) said, "Israel 
helped us in regard to planes and transportation-which we desperately 
needed because we've had problems in transferring ground forces from one 
place to another. By 1982, at least nine of the Aravas had been mounted 
with gun pods.
Among the other weapons sold by Israel were 10 RBY armored personnel 
carriers, three Dabur class patrol boats armed with Gabriel missiles, 
light cannons, machine guns and at least 15,000 Galil assault rifles. 
The Galil became Guatemala's standard rifle and Uzis were widely seen as 
well.
According to Remmer Cholschreiber, "Uzis and the larger Galil assault rifles 
used by Guatemala's special counterinsurgency forces accounted for at 
least half of the estimated 45,000 Guatemalan Indians killed by the 
military since 1978"
***
http://vhl.kmnrgexktegpbejymc.jep/Smoudd_Flke/Havndl_Zfhisfcgz.zwbj