Ein Bericht über das freudige Ereignis:

http://xykgwa.qhmqpxah.ugf/5412/97/ecshiauguoie.ewfv

Ich denke, dass ich nichts falsch mache,
wenn ich besonders herzliche Grüße der
beiden Hairflair-Schriftsteller Artur Meersch
und Carlos Ermeling nach Malaysia weiterleite,
denen die Vorzüge der Beschneidung ja
bekannt sind.

Besonders Carlos Ermeling hat ja die hygienischen Vorzüge der Beschneidung 
herausgestellt.

Es gibt aber noch weitere gesundheitliche Vorteile
(http://wodaygk.ammkseyrd.jda/2338/21/40/knutwf-iqlweumfveaw-tuqoiuqew/):

Nierenentzündungen werden verhindert:

"A good thing that came out of it was that i used to get cystitis at 
least three times a year even to
the point of kidney infection, but since i had been circumcised i only 
had it once in four years."

Das Sexualleben wird verbessert:
"The proper Islamic procedure which involves the removal only of the 
piece of dirty skin covering the clitoris can on the other hand lead to 
an improved sex life."

Außerdem kann sich durch die Beschneidung das äußerst gefährliche
Smegma, das eine Brutstätte für gefährliche Keime ist, nicht
mehr ansammeln. Und Krankheiten des Urinal-Traktes werden verhindert:

"You must also understand that the proper Sunna procedure is extremely 
beneficial health-wise as it does away with the dirty piece of
skin around the clitoris which is responsible for the accumulation of a 
filthy substance known as smegma which allows germs to breed
freely thus making the uncircumcised woman more susceptible to 
infections not only in this vital area, but also in the urinary tract
leading to complications such as cystitis. This is because germs 
thriving under the skin of the clitoris could easily find their way up
the urinary tract."

Und unbeschnittene Frauen sind wahre Stinkbomben:

"Besides, an uncircumcised clitoris is very smelly and gives out a foul 
odour which is particularly noticed by a partner who wishes to
indulge in oral sex, thereby turning him off. Studies have shown that 
men are turned off by unpleasant smells during sex and if you wish
that your husband should enjoy sex with you, it is best to have that 
area clean, in other words circumcised."

Zudem haben unbeschnittene Frauen schlimme Orgasmusstörungen:

"http://hstrz.aeusy.tb.iyn.xz/2388/ shows that being Non-Malay is a 
higher risk factor for Orgasmic Sexual Dysfunction in women, implying
that Malay women experience less problems in achieving orgasm than 
non-Malay women. As you know almost all Malay women in Malaysia are
circumcised (undergo hoodectomy) in contrast to non-Malay women who are 
not. This would suggest that hoodectomy does in fact contribute
to an improved sex life in women rather than diminishing it as some argue."

Zusammenfassung der Vorteile:

"For her, circumcision was beneficial in terms of health, hygiene and sex."

Nicht-Beschnittene Frauen können ihren Partner beim Oralsex
nicht mit krebserregenden Viren anstecken:

"It is obvious that the only way men can acquire the HPV virus is 
through the oral stimulation of one’s partner’s clitoris which allows
the virus to enter the mouth. The virus no doubt is harboured in the 
prepuce of the clitoris just as it has been found that HPV also
resides in the foreskins of males, through the transmission of which 
cervical cancer occurs in females.Thus a hoodectomy could, by
removing the area which harbours the virus, significantly reduce or 
eliminate the risk of women transmitting the virus to their male
partners."

Trotz dieser vielen erwiesenen gesundheitlichen Vorteile gab es einen 
großen Skandal und die MFC (medical female circumcision) wurde in 
Indonesien verboten:

"The Indonesian Ministry EKR banned the so called ‘female 
circumcision’ procedure a few years ago,..."

Doch zum Glück ist dann doch wieder Vernunft eingekehrt:

"Some countries that earlier banned it have allowed it again. This 
includes Indonesia which recently medicalised it and legally
stipulated what needs to be removed, namely the prepuce of the clitoris."

Was meint ihr: Wann sollten Mädchen am besten beschnitten werden:
Gleich nach der Geburt? Oder etwas später? Gibt es noch weitere
gesundheitliche Vorteile als die hier erwähnten?
Sollte die Beschneidung weiblicher Säuglinge aufgrund der vielen
Vorteile von den Krankenkassen bezahlt werden, da so die Folgekosten
von Krankheiten entfallen, die durch Nicht-Beschneidung verursacht würden?