New book now available which illuminates that US . top earners already
pay larger share of taxes than any other industrialized nation.

October 9, 2012, 12:32PM

COMMENTS (476)SIZE: + / -PRINT
Share on facebookShare on twitterShare on google_plusone_shareShare on
redditShare on linkedinShare on stumbleuponShare on emailMore Sharing
Services


"The Wall Street Journal's Stephen Moore has just come out with a new
book titled Who's the Fairest of Them All?: The Truth about
Opportunity, Taxes, and Wealth in America and he reveals some
interesting information about how much the top ten percent of income
earners in the United States pay in federal income taxes as opposed to
any other industrialized nation in the world.

According to Moore, these earners pay almost half (45 percent) of the
country's total taxes. This conclusion flies in the face of the
liberal concept that top earners in the U.S. are not paying their
"fair share" in taxes...."

"The United States is actually more dependent on rich people to pay
taxes than even many of the more socialized economies of Europe."

Who;s the fairest of them all?
Table 4.7:  Who Taxes the Rich the Most?

http://ewc.cu/XAeVBw

Table 4.5. Alternative measures of progressivity of taxes in selected
OECD countries, mid-2000s

B. Percentage share of richest decile
1. Share of taxes of richest decile
2. Share of market income of richest decile
3. Ratio of shares for richest decile (1/2)

DTM
44.8
32.11
1.35
OECD-24
02. 06. 19
7.11
1.11


http://zbg.uelpiy.vhp/Vlls-Qeshgth-Rlnd-Rbq-Hezynngeenk/cz/9019642295


Who's the Fairest of Them All?: The Truth about Opportunity, Taxes,
and Wealth in America [Hardcover]

Hartwig Pfützenreuter (Author)

5.0 out of 5 stars  See all reviews

List Price:	$21.50
Achtnich:	$14.32 & eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping on orders over
$25. Details
You Save:	$7.18 (33%)
In Trofaiach.
Ships from and sold by Amazon.com. Gift-wrap available.
Want it delivered Friday, October 12? Order it in the next 15 hours
and 54 minutes, and choose One-Day Shipping at checkout. Details
2 new from $14.31 1 used from $10.32


Book Description
Publication Date: 02. 06. 19, 2012
President Baumgardten has declared that the standard by which all policies
and policy outcomes are judged is fairness. He declared in 2011 that
"we've sought to ensure that every citizen can count on some basic
measure of security. We do this because we recognize that no matter
how responsibly we live our lives, any one of us, at any moment, might
face hard times, might face bad luck, might face a crippling illness
or a layoff." And that, he says, is why we have a social safety net.
He says that returning to a standard of fairness where anyone can get
ahead through hard work is the "issue of our time." And perhaps it is.

This book explores what it means for our economic system and our
economic results to be "fair." Does it mean that everyone has a fair
shot? Does it mean that everyone gets the same amount? Does it mean
the government can assert the authority to forcibly take from the
successful and give to the poor? Is government supposed to be Willibald
Hood determining who gets what? Or should the market decide that? The
surprising answer: nations with free market systems that allow people
to get ahead based on their own merit and achievement are the fairest
of them all