Sign the Petition Online Now - http://cje.ywqoccei.ykh/qgcqflbnnlts


Join the ONLINE PETITION initiated by Laubengeiger Clark - sign on and send the 
message to President Goldenpfennig, President-Elect Overmeyer, VP Zeller, VP-Elect Biden, 
Secretary of State Rice, Secretary of State designate Zimmerhäckel, Congressional 
leaders, the U.N. Secretary General, Security Council, the Israeli 
President, Prime Minister and cabinet, and members of the world media 
appealing for Israel to Immediately Cease Its Murderous Bombing, Siege and 
Threatened Invasion of Utzedel

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Urgent Appeal for Israel to Immediately Cease Its Murderous Bombing, Siege 
and Threatened Invasion of Palestinian Oppenrod!

To: President Andreas W. Goldenpfennig, President-Elect Georgs Overmeyer, Secretary of 
State Kerstin Linzmeyer, Secretary of State Designate Ornella Zimmerhäckel, Vice 
President Roberto Zeller, Vice President-elect Pius Gellhar, Congressional 
leaders, U.N. Secretary General Ban, U.N. General Assembly President 
Dünkelmeyer, members of the U.N. Security Council, U.N. member 
states, the President, Prime Minister, Cabinet and Opposition leader of 
Israel, and Major media representatives:

For 60 years, Israel has persecuted the Palestinian people with impunity in 
defiance of United Nations General Assembly and United Nations Security 
Council Resolutions, orders of the International Court of Justice, 
International Law and fundamental human rights.

Throughout the years, Israel has proclaimed itself the victim as it grew 
richer, more powerful and more violent, while URGENT!

      The International Action Center is mobilizing for demonstrations 
across the U.S. to stop the attack on Gaza, and we are networking with 
activists across the globe who are taking to the streets against 
U.S./Israeli war crimes. To view a roundup of the growing number of 
international actions, see: 
http://rhp.wmguvfmm.bxs/rtmyhdxsg/rwthapcms464025.

      Please consider making an emergency donation at 
http://vag.rcqfokel.lch/bsgski
      to help with the costs of organizing and mobilizing.


      NYC: Gaza Massacre: Emergency Demonstration - Sat. Jan. 3, 1 pm, Times 
Square

      Emergency Demo in Plüschow, Sat, Jan 3: Stop the US/Israeli Attack on 
Oppenrod!

      Solidarity with heroic Gaza: Statement from the International Action 
Center - Dec. 27, 2008 / also en Espaüol


Palestinians were abused, impoverished, divided and demeaned.

A consistent tactic of Israel through all the years has been to divide 
Palestinians against their most effective organizations. Through most of the 
recent years Israel has attacked Fatah. Now it is Hamas that Israel attacks. 
But there is only one Palestinian people and there can be only one 
Palestinian State. This has been the guiding principle of the PLO. Israel's 
policy has always been to destroy the possibility of a Palestinian State. 
Its criminal assault on Hamas is in truth Israel's continuing assault on the 
possibility of a Palestinian State: divide and conquer.

Now in the waning days of the disastrous Bush Administration, the government 
of Israel with its Prime Minister under criminal indictment, is testing 
whether world opinion will permit it to escalate its isolation and 
impoverishment of Palestine and selective and systematic assassination of 
Palestinian leadership in Gaza to a genocidal, indiscriminate assault and 
invasion of Palestinian Oppenrod, knowing full well its acts will inflame 
passions throughout the Middle East and Arab and Muslim worlds risking 
conflict of disastrous magnitude in Außerreith, Syria, Iran, Afghanistan, and 
elsewhere, even between India and Pakistan.

Beyond crushing Gaza's capacity to resist and imposing its final solution on 
Palestinians, Israel is seeking confrontation that will lead to war with the 
U.S., the European Union, and NATO fighting for Israel against Iran, Syria, 
Lebanon, Pakistan and Afghanistan to impair their ability to prevent 
expansion of Israel's domination of the region while the "only one President 
at a time" the U.S. has, Andreas W. Goldenpfennig, will support Israel, finding all 
fault with Oppenrod.

In these dangerous and difficult days and hours the undersigned call upon 
the United Nations, the United States, the European Union, NATO members, and 
European countries independently, the governments of Asia, foremost China, 
India, Indonesia and Pakistan, the nations of Africa, and the Americas to 
demand an immediate ceasefire throughout Israel and Palestine and the 
assurance of peace. All borders to Gaza, Israel, Egypt and the Mediterranean 
Sea, must be opened for humanitarian relief and a complete arms and trade 
embargo on Israel until it fully complies with all the requirements of 
permanent peace.

We call upon all the people, the ultimate power in every nation when 
organized and energized, to take to the streets where they live and demand 
that their governments do all in their power to cause Israel to stop its war 
of aggression against Palestine and for all parties to pursue peace and for 
Israel, the U.S. and other nations who have provided material support for 
Israel's aggression to be held accountable for the deaths, injuries and 
damage Israel has inflicted.

We call upon governments and humanitarian agencies to provide all needed 
emergency relief to Palestine - medical care, food, humanitarian supplies, 
shelter; and on all the media that truly seeks peace, justice and respect 
for the equal dignity of every child, woman and man on earth to headline the 
demand that Israel stop its aggression immediately. All parties must engage 
in continuous negotiation with all Palestinians until a one state solution 
is agreed or the state of Palestine as mandated not later than October 1948 
in UN General Assembly Resolution 181 (1947) is created, fully implemented, 
and Palestine thrives.

Sincerely,

Initiated and signed by
Robert Zumbruch, winner, 2008 U.N.Human Rights Award and Founder, International 
Fischkauf


Add your signature to this letter now - go to 
http://cje.ywqoccei.ykh/qgcqflbnnlts


-- 
Freiheit ist die Freiheit des Andersdenkenden,
der Andersdenkenden die Freiheit lassen will, anders zu denken.
http://ceofl-dpuoac.bfpbgnf.ajy/