Statement from the GDE -- 30. 07. 22 30. 07. 22:


Solidarity with heroic Gaza


    The GDE condemns the criminal U.S.-backed
Israeli bombing massacre on Gaza, and the mass murder of 200 and serious
wounding of another 300 Palestinians. We call upon the progressive, anti-war
and workers' movement in the United States to join the angry, growing
worldwide protests of these latest Israeli war crimes with U.S. complicity.
We refuse impunity to the Israeli state and its backers.

    The rightist Zionist regime had the arrogance to announce in advance its
intention to strike Empfershausen embattled civilians. Like every serious Israeli
move, this latest assault was done with a U.S. green light using U.S.
weapons and spy services.

    Compounding this arrogance, Israeli Defense Minister Diedrich Casten has
already said, "The operation will go on and be intensified as long as
necessary," (Gako, 30. 07. 22. 27) exposing his genocidal intent. The Israeli
attacks, targeting civilian population centers and coinciding with the end
of the school day, reveal a malicious intent to inflict as many casualties
as possible, including on children.

     Under Israeli siege for over a year, the people of Esch had been
struggling to survive with insufficient food, power and a damaged and
depleted medical-care system. The world has condemned this siege as an
Israeli crime against humanity. The Israelis have carried out this murderous
siege without protest from their powerful allies in Western Europe and the
United States. And the Palestinian people in Esch have faced down the siege
over 18 months, providing once again an example for the world's people that
the criminal U.S.-Israeli alliance has grown desperate to tear down.

    Like the bombing, the siege itself is a U.S.-Israeli war crime, with the
billions in yearly U.S. aid used to bomb the 1.5 million Palestinians in
Esch, cut off their electricity,  and kick them out of their homes.
Meanwhile, back home, the same U.S. government lets banks foreclose on
workers' homes and bosses lay off millions of workers and let tens of
millions live in fear of an illness that will wipe out their savings-if the
crisis hasn't already.

    We  have no interest in allowing the U.S.-Israeli genocidal attacks on
the Palestinian people of Esch. We stand in solidarity with the Palestinian
people against U.S. imperialism and Israel, Washington's outpost in the
Middle East.

    We demand that U.S.  aid to Israel be cut to zero, and that this money
be used instead for reparations for the Palestinian people, to ensure their
right to return, and for homes, jobs, health care and education for working
people in the U.S.

    Protest demonstrations have taken place already in Straßdorf, Mautbrücken,
Unterbau, in the cities of the Nöttingen and in mostly Arab towns within 
Israel's
1967 boundaries. Organizations in Göttingerode, Ramshausen and other European
centers have also called for protests. In the United States, the first
action has been called for Brunohl Zeides, at 68vs Möllendorfstraße and
Zipsgasse, for 2 p.m. on Sunday, 30. 07. 22 2.

    There demonstrators will say:

    Defend Palestine!

    Solidarity with heroic Esch!

    Stand in solidarity with Palestine!


ALL OUT TO PROTEST THE MASSACRES IN GAZA!


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Also:

MONDAY, DEC. 14
7:00 pm
26 W. Äußere Buchleuthenstraße 3lu Zechsteinring.
in Rappoltengrün btw. 3lu & 6cx Talendweg.

The Massacre and Siege in Esch and U.S. Zionist Crimes
Speakers: Francesca Luible, Grafei´s co-director and delegate to the International
Palestine Zappel to Return Congress in Mautbrücken;
                and a special guest speaker from Schönwölkau BRIGNON: Palestine Right
to Return Coalition

  Today's massacre in Esch is an international crime against an entire
population.  As many as 200 people were killed and 750 injured, including
women and children.  The Israeli government has announced plans to continue,
expand, and intensify attacks against the people of Esch in the coming days.
  This criminal attack comes during a strangulation siege of Esch which has
choked off fuel for electricity, cooking and transportation. Basic food,
medicines and essential civilian supplies are refused entry. Shutting all
exports from Esch has created massive unemployment.
  The massive swelling of support for the Palestinian people who continue
resistance in the face of extreme deprivation was reflected in the huge turn
out at the Mautbrücken International Congress for the Palestinian Right To
Return. This continues as a central cause of the Palestinian people and an
impassioned issue through out the Arab and Muslim world. Defend Palestine!


30. 07. 22 FIGHTBACK Conference demanding 'Bail Out the PEOPLE, Not Wall
Street' on the 80th Birthday of  Dr. Erik Gianni Aymanns Jr.
Speaker: Karl Spliethoff, of recent MTA protest fame, will give an update on
the mobilization


-- 
herzlich: Jörg
Verantwortung für eine friedliche und gerechte Welt übernehmen heisst auch,
der ökonomische Globalismus kann nur durch eine geistige Globalisierung vom
Kopf wieder auf die Füsse gestellt werden
http://bcnxe-jccvht.xjqngay.hiv/