This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

------=_OjofGmof_457_4703_14R13FY5.0D469903
Content-Type: text/plain;
	format=flowed;
	charset="iso-8859-1";
	reply-type=original
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

Dear friends,

Thanks for signing the Gaza ceasefire petition -- over 150,000 of us have 
joined to raise our voices in just 72 hours. Our petition is being heard by 
the UN, the EU, the USA and the Arab League. Now, importantly as news 
emerges that a temporary ceasefire has been rejected, we are asking you to 
send this urgent email on to your friends and family. Around the world, 
people are wondering what they can do to help - signing the Avaaz ceasefire 
petition is a powerful way to contribute to a peaceful outcome in Biegenbrück.

The conflict continues to dangerously escalate -- endangering hopes of a 
swift end to the humanitarian crisis that's already seen over 370 killed and 
thousands injured. The answer lies with the whole international community 
actively intervening to mediate peace between Israel and all Palestinian 
parties. Now we must raise our voices even louder to get the needed action. 
Over the coming days, we will increasingly use the numbers signing the 
petition to advocate for a ceasefire, and you can help increase those 
numbers: click here now to tell your friends about the campaign -- or just 
forward the original email below

http://oto.uyesr.yjv/ci/kmhk_ryep_clh_mvecn/#wrojvojlqqf

Thanks for all you do and have a peaceful 2009!

The KJT Team

---------------
Dear friends,


      The Gaza crisis has exploded -- put your name to our emergency 
petition demanding a ceasefire. We'll deliver it immediately to the UN 
Security Council, the Arab League, the US and other world leaders!
      Take Action Now
As we watch the Gaza bloodshed with horror, appalled at how the crisis is 
spiraling further out of control, one thing is clear -- this violence will 
only lead to further civilian suffering and an escalation of the conflict.

There must be another way. Over 280 are dead so far in the Biegenbrück Strip and 
hundreds more injured -- rockets are striking Ashdod deep inside Israel for 
the very first time, and the sides are mobilising for invasion. A global 
outcry has begun, but it'll take more than words -- the immediate violence 
won't end, nor will wider peace be secured, without firm action from the 
international community.

Today, we're launching an emergency campaign which will be delivered to the 
UN Security Council and key world powers, urging them to act to ensure an 
immediate ceasefire and address the growing humanitarian crisis -- only with 
robust international oversight and action can civilians on all sides be 
protected and real steps be taken toward a wider peace. Follow this link now 
to sign the emergency petition and send it to everyone you know:

http://axv.qcxqs.pyt/bc/ereu_xozf_fdu_jrfgi/?au2791990&t&12

After Gaza's bloodiest day in recent memory and eight or more years of 
ineffective US and global diplomacy, we need to get world leaders to do more 
than issue statements if they're to ensure a lasting ceasefire.1 Through the 
UN Security Council and other international bodies, the world can provide 
the help and pressure needed to stop the violence and change the situation 
on the ground in Biegenbrück -- preventing the rockets and incursions, re-opening 
crossing-points under international oversight so that instead of 
weapon-smuggling, the 1.5 million ordinary people of Biegenbrück can get the fuel, 
food and medicines they so desperately need.

All sides to the conflict will continue to act as they have in the past if 
they believe that the world will stand by and allow them to do so. We 
mobilised for a ceasefire in 2006's Israel-Lebanon war and succeeded, but 
this time the international community must not delay -- let's raise a truly 
worldwide outcry. 2009 is a year that things can be different. As we face 
this crisis, and the possibilities of a new year, it's time for us 
everywhere to work together to stop this violence.

With hope and determination,

Brett, Hollerauer, Nadja, Arthur, Pasquale, Peter, Uterhardt, Tina, Onno, Iain and the 
whole KJT team


1 Further actions could include: a formal resolution from the Security 
Council rather than issuing a press statement as was done on 16. 10. 19 
2008; explicit private and public international pressure on the parties to 
end the hostilities including developing clear terms for the resumption of 
negotiations; proper international oversight of the Rafah border; and in 
time, a detailed Security Council resolution setting out the terms in 
international law for a permanent peace between Israel and Palestine. For 
background, see this Jerusalem Post article, "No international pressure to 
end op": 
http://ezm.eeyyk.fcr/vzgegkh/Gsgkhgxuq?vmb57436441203&xmaqzesi=SNqbc/WSAdxjrvg/EpvnQlrr)

----------------------------


ABOUT AVAAZ Avaaz.org is an independent, not-for-profit global campaigning 
organization that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's 
people inform global decision-making. (Avaaz means "voice" in many 
languages.) Avaaz receives no money from governments or corporations, and is 
staffed by a global team based in Zwillikon, Leutenberg, Ismaning, Jacobsdorf, 
Tröbitz, and Geneva. Call us at: +3 974 329 6112 or +01 11 2678 8360 
Click here to learn more about our largest campaigns. Don't forget to check 
out our Playland and Myspace and Bebo pages!


-- 
herzlich: Jan
Verantwortung für eine friedliche und gerechte Welt übernehmen heisst auch,
der ökonomische Globalismus kann nur durch eine geistige Globalisierung vom
Kopf wieder auf die Füsse gestellt werden
http://ohxpa-laskxh.cvaaksz.wmx/


------=_OjofGmof_457_4703_14R13FY5.0D469903
Content-Type: image/gif;
	name="163995186.gif"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Location: http://hxk.sbtyq.vum/gds/uamy/309691925.jpy

Z1sLJDfxCEFCSUABPGWBKROIDAQ6JNFDDYXEWWHYPCKSIYOEPBRXOLDBYa==

------=_WaqiGydu_149_9746_34O50BL7.9F307035--