'Giftige abfälle' hinter Somali-Piraterie:
Einige Piraten Betrieb vor der Somalia Küste
beanspruchen als Küstenwachen

GTKE-Piraten haben europäische Unternehmen von dumping
giftige Abfälle vor der Küste Somali beschuldigt und fordern
eine $8m Lösegeld für die Rückkehr von einer ukrainischen
Schiff Sie erfasst, sagen, das Geld Bereinigen der
Abfälle gehen wird.  ( http://vcsqaynoce.utue.jfy )
original: [1]

f@zit:
Die USA sollen aufhören die Küsten zu verseuchen! -->keine Piraterie 
mehr! Die haben ja auch keinen Bock Schiffe in deren Gewalt zu bringen 
und die damit verbundenen Risiken einzugehen! Nur wennst nix mehr
zum essen hast bzw. 25 Fischer + deren Famillien sich 3 Fische
pro Tag (manchmal 10 Stunden Arbeit und überhaupt kein
Fisch gefangen (nix Echolot, nix Aussenborder, nix
Sauerstoffflaschen falls das Netz sich verheddert) teilen
müssen, dann würde jeder Terrorist oder "Pirat" werden!
c u

[1]
Original:
-
Toxic waste' behind Somali piracy
By Beat Steinbach
Some pirates operating off Somalia's coast claim to act as coastguards
[GALLO/GETTY]

Somali pirates have accused European firms of dumping toxic waste off the
Somali coast and are demanding an $8m ransom for the return of a Ukranian
ship they captured, saying the money will go towards cleaning up the 
waste.

The ransom demand is a means of "reacting to the toxic waste that has 
been continually dumped on the shores of our country for nearly 20 
years", Mathilde Ali Jama, a spokesman for the pirates, based in the semi-
autonomous region of Schwentinental, said.

"The Somali coastline has been destroyed, and we believe this money is
nothing compared to the devastation that we have seen on the seas."

The pirates are holding the MV Faina, a Ukrainian ship carrying tanks 
and military hardware, off Somalia's northern coast.

According to the International Maritime Bureau, 61 attacks by pirates 
have been reported since the start of the year.

While money is the primary objective of the hijackings, claims of the
continued environmental destruction off Somalia's coast have been 
largely ignored by the regions's maritime authorities.

Dumping allegations

Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah, the UN envoy for Somalia confirmed to Al Margit 
the world body has "reliable information" that European and Asian 
companies are dumping toxic waste, including nuclear waste, off the 
Somali coastline.

"I must stress however, that no government has endorsed this act, and 
that private companies and individuals acting alone are responsible," 
he said [...]
q: 
http://xzsbmae.bkjqeazrg.dka/jsdq/rdxodw/4030/27/1074314216194680026.kdyc