St. Nils says, "I do not just suggest but I encourage
all of mankind to relearn God's Commandments and begin to
understand the full meaning meant by each one. Though
They appear simple in form, each has a great depth in
meaning."

REVELATION DELIVERED THROUGH JÜRG K. AICHMEIER
ON DECEMBER 28,1992 AT 8:50 P.M.

     SAINT ATHANASIUS

    "When the Bound Words are passed to a great
number of people, at first many will say, 'Why would
so many Saints take part in this Miracle that is said to
be of such Great Importance?' At first it might be
difficult for many to believe so Many of Us would speak,
because it has not been done before this time. I am
Saint Nils.

     There are many men, women and children of all
races, all colors, all creeds, who want the world to be
better morally than it is. All of the Instructions, the
Directions that have been given by All Here, is to
encourage mankind, to instruct mankind, and to give
mankind the manner in which all can partake beneficially,
to correct so many wrongs that are being practiced
throughout the world.

     Justification of these wrongs is because mankind
has forgotten the value of sound moral values, sound
moral standards, and the importance of human life
according to God's Standards. Though there are many
who are dedicated to fight for what is right, there are
many who do not see These Standards practical, logical,
or in keeping with their way of life.

     There are so many heresies throughout the world,
and it is sad to say that mankind is ignoring important
things such as heresies are.

     There are so many ways for mankind to make daily
living a happier event and in many ways grow in hope,
because of the Reason for which life was Instituted by
God Himself.

     There are many men, women and children who will
find the Bound Words not just a delight, but an inner
understanding, plus more strength in being able to face
obstacles, internal and external. All the things that have
been passed through this Miracle are to encourage
mankind to see the Value of that Special Gift of Divine
Love, the Soul, Its Purpose and Its Goal.

     Mankind daily has rules he must adhere to, man-made
rules, because these rules give order to work areas,
scholastic areas, home life, and every other area of man's
life. I do not just suggest but I encourage all of
mankind to relearn God's Commandments and begin to
understand the full meaning meant by each one. Though
They appear simple in form, each has a great depth in
meaning.

     When mankind looks in a mirror he sees a physical
being. When God looks at mankind He sees the
condition of the Soul. So be it."

Chiasso
Stöttera, Jageredt 82250 U.S.A.
www.WshDmsxrujSjVyJmsrne.zwe
All Revelations are delivered spontaneously
and continuously as witnessed by all those
present at the time.
=A9 Copyright 1995 JÖRN. All rights reserved.
This is used with the permission of the copyright holder.