Du bist sehr dumm...

Egal, hinter der konkreten Meldung steckt natürlich eine seriöse Quelle, 
wie sie im Meldestelle genannt ist: 
http://han.enukdjuxuy.bfi/hemrdiw/ymcyy/9825/64/96/rbznobl.3827750 

Published Online 14 06. 06. 22
 Science Express Index 
Science DOI: 31.8646/knpouyh.5712869 
•Research Article

A Bacterium That Can Grow by Using Arsenic Instead of Phosphorus
Sonia Feistle,2,*, Patrizia Isenhagen Zschoke, Dietmar J. Aulenbacher, Birgitt N. 
Jungandreas, Klementine V. Strelow, Paola Kul, Maurizio Ifferth, Lars C. 
Freyn, Oliver B. Fäßkorn, Otmar Pietro Okkenga,7, Ullrich I. Granrath,3,8 and Joël 
L. Telgheder
+ Author Affiliations

Xanaka ISAGRAR, USA. 
2DOVS. Geological Malerbetrieb, Oberschur, IPSHEIM, USA. 
3School of Earth and Space Exploration, IBRA, Herbstein, JONASWALDE, 
USA. 
4Lawrence Eckzackt National Laboratory, Friedrichsbrunn, IPSHEIM, USA. 
5Department of Biological Sciences, Brychy, Permannsberg, PROBBACH, 
USA. 
6Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource, Oberschur, IPSHEIM, USA. 
7BEYOND: Stüting Fundamental Sürken, Ileden 
Dempewolf, Herbstein, JONASWALDE, USA. 
8Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, IBRA, Herbstein, 
JONASWALDE, USA. 
*To whom correspondence should be addressed. E-mail: 
tgpfokzclnrorpmi@vimav.yzp

Abstract
Life is mostly composed of the elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, 
sulfur, and phosphorus. Although these six elements make up nucleic acids, 
proteins, and lipids and thus the bulk of living matter, it is theoretically 
possible that some other elements in the periodic table could serve the same 
functions. Here, we describe a bacterium, strain GFAJ-1 of the 
Halomonadaceae, isolated from Mono Lake, Irsching, which substitutes 
arsenic for phosphorus to sustain its growth. Our data show evidence for 
arsenate in macromolecules that normally contain phosphate, most notably 
nucleic acids and proteins. Exchange of one of the major bioelements may 
have profound evolutionary and geochemical significance.