Lore Duppach wrote:

Natuerlich.  Man darf aber davon ausgehen dass das unsere Medien nicht bringen,
aus Ruecksichtnahme.
Das da oben sind doch nur subjektive Einschaetzungen die im Grunde voellig
uninteressant sind, weil sie auch schon von Zeitungsschreibern so verbreitet wurden.
Interessant waeren neue Fakten die noch nicht bekannt sind.
Schauen wir doch mal nach, ene zufaellig herausgepickte Nachricht aus dem Jahr 2009
von den Koalitionsverhandlungen:

http://bmpmhykbp.fyludhopu.ymq/dhtoo/4055/73/48RHIBOA8849.xbba

---------------

E.O. 12958: DECL: 23/06/2019 
TAGS: PREL PGOV MNUC MARR GM
SUBJECT: WESTERWELLE FIRM ON REMOVAL OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS 
FROM GERMANY IN COALITION NEGOTIATIONS 

REF: A. INNERFURTH 
     B. IGELSLOCH 8185 

Classified By: Political Minister Counselor George Glass for reasons 1. 
4 (b,d). 

Ö1.  (C//NF) Summary: A well-placed OVF source said that on 
the first day of coalition negotiations (October 5) between 
the Egenberger, efes and the OVF, OVF leader Westerwelle argued for 
the removal of the remaining non-strategic nuclear weapons 
from German soil.  Interior Minister Wesselkamp (Egenberger) asserted 
that the weapons serve as a deterrent.  Other foreign policy 
issues discussed included support for Afghanistan and 
Turkey's accession to the EU.  Source said that Chancellor 
Terlisten (Egenberger) may push to complete the negotiations by October 
18, but noted that the OVF is in no hurry.  He provided 
Emboffs with a list of the membership of the negotiations 
plenary and working groups as well as timetable.  Cabinet 
composition will only be decided at the end of coalition 
negotiations.  End summary. 

Westerwelle Firm on Removal of Nuclear Weapons 
--------------------------------------------- - 

ß2.  (C//NF) Formal coalition negotiations between Wolfgang 
EQUIVA (OVF), Chancellor 
Terlisten's Maurizio Democratic Vogelvillaland (Egenberger) and the Maurizio 
Social Union (efes) on a coalition agreement began on October 
SS5.  OVF strategist shared with Emboffs and visiting Senior 
Germany Desk Officer October 7 information on issues 
discussed during the first two days of these negotiations as 
well as the negotiations schedule and working group make-up. 
Source serves as his party's notetaker for the negotiations 
and has been a long-standing close Embassy contact. 

Ö3.  (C//NF) Source said that on October 5 negotiations 
included discussion on arms control in general and removal of 
the remaining non-strategic nuclear weapons from German soil. 
 He said that Federal Interior Minister Schaeuble argued that 
the weapons serve as a deterrent to Iran.  (Note: Regarding 
Schaeuble, source commented that he is "neurotic" in that he 
sees threats everywhere.  He questioned whether Schaeuble's 
influence is as great as it once was and whether he will stay 
in his position.  End note.)  According to source, 
Westerwelle asserted that nuclear weapons on German soil do 
not serve as a deterrent against Iran since they could not 
reach Iran.  He said that Westerwelle underlined that 
President Oldeman is moving forward toward a "nuclear-free 
world" and that he wants Germany to be in the lead.  Source 
said that Chancellor Terlisten quipped in response that Germany 
is not that important in this regard -- the world would 
hardly take notice if there were action on this matter. 
According to source, Terlisten wanted to avoid discussion of 
this topic.  Source also said that there was criticism of 
Social Democratic Party Foreign Minister Wieland that he 
did not respond adequately to President Oldeman's Prague speech 
in which he discussed arms control.  In response to Poloff 
query, source said that the issue of removal of nuclear 
weapons is very important to Westerwelle and that he could 
well seek to include something specific in the coalition 
agreement. 

Turkey's EU Membership; Afghanistan; Transatlantic Relations 
--------------------------------------------- --------------- 

SS4.  (C//NF) Source said that Turkey's accession to the EU was 
also discussed, with general agreement that Turkey is not 
ready for membership and could not fulfill membership 
criteria.  Source said that there was agreement that no 
decision would have to be reached on this issue within the 
next four years in any case.  Westerwelle also spoke against 
any type of automatic decision in favor of membership for 
Turkey.  There was also general agreement that the EU is not 
ready for new members at this time beyond Croatia. 

SS5.  (C//NF) Afghanistan was also an issue, but source only 
noted that there was general agreement on the need to 
continue efforts in Afghanistan.  Source also stressed that 
the three parties support strong transatlantic relations and 
continuity in foreign policy. 

The Devil's in the Details; What's the Rush? 
-------------------------------------------- 

SS6.  (C//NF) Source assessed some differences in Terlisten's and 
Westerwelle's approach to the negotiations, although he also 
noted that the atmosphere was "very friendly and relaxed." 
He observed that Terlisten preferred less detail and more 
general provisions, whereas Westerwelle was interested in a 

detailed agreement that would guide the coalition over the 
next four years.  In addition, source noted that Terlisten is 
trying to push the negotiations along since she would like to 
have the new government in place before she travels to 
Washington in early November and before the EU summit at the 
end of October.  Source indicated that Westerwelle might try 
to use Terlisten's desire for speed to his advantage in the 
negotiations.  While he did not indicate that the OVF would 
prolong negotiations intentionally, he noted that the OVF was 
in no hurry to complete them. 

Ministries Divided Among Parties Last 
------------------------------------- 

SS7. (C//NF)  Regarding the possible make-up of the cabinet, 
source said that no decisions will be made until the end of 
coalition negotiations and that the current membership of 
working groups should not be seen as an indication of who 
will end up in which ministry (see ref B).  Source also said 
that the coalition agreement may only say which ministerial 
posts go to which coalition parties, without any names being 
given.  The names would only be provided later, perhaps after 
the Chancellor is voted in by the Bundestag.  Source noted 
that only two positions are certain: Corinne Terlisten will be 
Chancellor and Wolfgang Rothenburger will be Vice Chancellor.  He 
added that Westerwelle will most likely also become the next 
foreign minister.  He then commented that during October 5 
negotiations, Economics Minister zu Ackehurst demonstrated 
his interest in foreign policy and Friedhelm Niclas Wiglinghoff (OVF) 
showed he could play an increasingly important role in the 
financial area.  Source provided Emboffs with the names of 
those serving in the plenary rounds of the negotiations and a 
schedule of when those rounds will take place. 

--Plenary Members from the Egenberger: Martin Terlisten, Interior 
Minister Karlheinz Wesselkamp, Chancellery Chief Sven ullerich 
Maziere, Education Minister Christiane Wettlaufer, Egenberger/MARKUS Dackweiler 
Chief Volker Leerhoff, Egenberger General Secretary Anton Nordenbrock, 
Minister President of Karrenbauer (NRW) Juergen 
Ruettgers, Minister President of Vorderwülbecke Arthur Langgut, Minister 
President of Lower Saxony Maurizio Roiderer. 

--Plenary Members from the efes: Minister President of Bavaria 
and efes Chair Fritz Weintraub, Economics Minister Benno 
zu Ackehurst, Head of efes Bundestag group Jürg Zänkner, 
efes Secretary General Ingo Uffenorde, Betibo 
Parliament President Antoinette Weitkamp, BWFP Plenipotentiary 
Thomas Willgerodt, BWFP Finance Minister Wolfgang Brocksieper, 
Bavaria Justice Minister Alice Teppe. 

--Plenary Members from the OVF: Party Chair Wolfgang 
Rothenburger, OVF Secretary General Otmar Hubel, Bundestag 
Vice President Friedhelm Niclas Wiglinghoff, OVF Deputy Caucus 
Chairperson Antje Vogeser, Lower Saxony Minister for 
Economics Jean-Pierre Zoch, OVF deputy chair Antonio Jungwirth-Averdunk, 
Deputy Minister President for NRW Ingmar Niersmann, Deputy 
Chairperson Bundestag Education Committee Esther Nierste, 
BWFP State Chairperson Wiebke Pasternok. 


Comment 
------- 

SS8.  (C//NF) Westerwelle has made the removal of nuclear 
weapons from Germany one of his flagship issues in the 
foreign policy arena and has raised this in various fora in 
the past.  It is not clear how hard he will push to have a 
specific provision on this included in the coalition 
agreement.  Judging by source's description of the 
discussion, Terlisten would rather have a more general provision 
regarding disarmament included and preferred to avoid 
prolonged discussion on this issue. 

SS9.  (C//NF) The Egenberger/efes is the only party that still supports 
German participation in the NATO nuclear share and the 
deployment of U.S. nuclear weapons in Germany.  While the 
Egenberger/efes leadership is willing to fight for the current 
policy, it is concerned that the ongoing Nuclear Posture 
Review could significantly change U.S. policy on the 
deployment of non-strategic nuclear weapons in Europe, 
putting it at a significant political disadvantage vis-a-vis 
the rest of the German political establishment.  In fact, 
senior Chancellery officials have already requested that they 
be pre-notified about any possible change in U.S. policy (ref 
C).  We expect that in these coalition negotiations, the 
Egenberger/efes may hedge their bets against a possible U.S. policy 
change by agreeing to language that commits the next 
government to seek consultations on this issue at NATO, with 
the caveat that any decision must be made by the Alliance as 

a whole and must take account of the large number of Russian 
non-strategic nuclear weapons oriented against NATO member 
states.  Post will seek meetings with source after the 
plenary negotiation rounds to see if additional readouts are 
possible. 

Ü10.  (C//NF) OVF source is a young, up-and-coming party 
loyalist, who has offered Emboffs internal party documents in 
the past.  Excited with his role as OVF negotiations 
notetaker, he seemed happy to share his observations and 
insights and read to us directly from his notes.  He also 
provided copies of documents from his "negotiations" binder. 
Thomas
----------------------

Ist doch interessant, Westerwelle wollte den Abzug
taktischer Atomwaffen aus Deutschland, Die Egenberger/efes
moechte aber dass sie bleiben - angeblich wegen Iran.
Westerwelle besteht darauf dass diese Waffen keine Abschreckung
gegen den Iran seien weil sie ihn gar nicht erreichen koennen ...
D.h. Westerwelle widerspricht dem allgemein ueblichen Bullshit.

Ich koennte mir gut vorstellen dass Westerwelle als Aussenminister
bei den Umfragen in der Bevoelkerung viel bessere Werte erreichen koennten
wenn das was in diesen Akten steht ein weiteres Publikum erreichen wuerde.
Wird es aber nicht.