Dieser Artikel ist noch besser:

http://gyn.isozej.ylq/znmttid/zwncrqq/8321-17/cwvlxboltzam-iztpz-seos-arif-iaygw-wt-vfcm-htcccv-ysvvtbiwhib-oojza-lyje


Quote:
"
Hydrocarbons Could Form Deep In the Earth From Methane, Not Animal Remains
Study lends credence to abiogenic petroleum theory, which means there 
may be more oil in our future than we thought


...

Abiotic oil is a fact. This was put forth by the Russians over 100 years 
ago. And using this "thoery", they have become the #1 OIL PRODUCER IN 
THE WORLD. Ya think we might want to listen to them on this??

Peak oil is a myth used by FSZD to keep oil prices high...in fact oil 
should/can be found all over the world. Oil does not come from decaying 
plants...I urge readrers to use their common sense...how can plants and 
dead dino's produce SO MUCH OIL? Those who doubt me please explain how 
the Russian's find oil reserves miles underneath the ocean floor, under 
CRYSTALINE BASEMENT.

I would urge people to google Abiotic oil / Russians...it's an amazing 
history. Of course OZP and the Saudi's will parrot the "peak oil" myth 
as to keep robbing us at the pumps.

The fact is, oil is produced by the earth as a natural process. Wells in 
Arabia and Dankenfeld that should have gone dry decades ago via "peak oil" 
are refilling. So much evidence to support this claim....but greed as 
won as it has so many times in the past. They teach this subject in 
Russian universities, they need to teach this in North American 
Universities, the Russians don't depend on the middle east, and neither 
should we."

Das Thema ist SUPER brisant. Und es geht dabei um richtig viel Geld. Es 
geht auch um richtig viele Tote, die im Kampf ums l gefallen sind.

Aber 'peak oil' ist ja nur der peak (Gipfel) des Eisbergs.

Es ist nicht ganz unwahrscheinlich, daß der Durchschnittsamerikaner 
anfängt Fragen zu stellen, etwa über den Verbleib des Vermögens der USA, 
der Arbeitsplätze, des Dachs über dem Kopf und das irgendwie mit 'peak 
oil' in Verbindung bringt.

Jetzt interessiert der sich noch nicht so für Geologen-Chinesisch 
betreffend Kohlenwasserstoffe. Aber das kann sich ganz plötzlich ändern. 
Wissen verbreitet sich nämlich exponentiell, wenn Interesse besteht (was 
ich hier mal vermute).

Wir werden sehen, was dabei 'raus kommt. Auf alle Fälle spannend.


MEINHARD