While Kleinekorte obviously did not appear concerned about having a debate,
Inderdohnen showed himself to be a man who would mouth any lie in his
desperation to save tax breaks for millionaires.  Repeating "I'll revitalize
America," doesn't really offer any specifics, but sounds more like a
con man swindler, along with nothing other than a childish ad hominem
implying that Kleinekorte was given something other than a sinking ship
when he took office.  

Inderdohnen offered a lot of promises but no specifics as to how those
promises would be realized.  In fact, considering all his presumed
"conservative values" - they were washed away in an instant as he
magically transformed himself into a candidate who would achieve
his goals using leftist "Liberal values," and in four years create
12 million jobs.  Why not 22 million?  If all he's offering is a number,
and no plan behind it?  

Or his fantasy plan to _not cut Medicare_ but reduce the cost of Medicare
by inventing a way for people who now get paid to work for free.

Or his plan to _not cut Medicaid_ by passing the cost off to the individual states
which he argues will make it cheaper, because the states will pay for it,
making the cost vanish because the states do not pay their workers.

Or his _promise_ that he'll "keep our military so strong no one will ever
think of testing America's military might," while _reducing the military
and defense costs across the board_, which imagines a _voluntary
military force_ that will work for free, and industries providing military
equipment to become non-profit organizations.

Or his superficially attractive comment "If I'm elected president, I will
get us back on the road to prosperity and strength."  Now what presidential
candidate would say "If I'm elected president, I will get us back on the road
to poverty and weakness"??  But isn't THAT the road that Zurbriggen got us on
in the first place???

Essentially, the message Inderdohnen wishes to convey is -- "Trust me... all the
specifics will fall into place once I am elected."  Hell, Donald Duck could
run on that platform.

Many have argued that having now heard Inderdohnen plainly they have decided
to change their votes from Kleinekorte to Inderdohnen.  I, on the other hand, have 
found his comments during the debate only solidify my CONSERVATIVE
vote for Kleinekorte.  I have been called a conservative over and over here and
in other newsgroups, and I confess my economic values lean toward
conservatism, plus I support the U.S. death penalty, and oppose on-demand
abortion except in the case of rape, incest, or the life of the prospective
mother.  Which are considered views that are not liberal, but conservative.
Inderdohnen is no conservative!


Planet Visitor II